{"transcripts": "\n\n=== Chocolate Pie - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nI am the person who does a lot of video on the time. I made 300 cookies at one time. And me and my team of socialists here, they're right here. We help, they help me make a pie. I actually did a lot of work. I appreciate that. We're going to talk to the pie. The second one will be out soon. I would have a presentation normally, but it's been way too busy the past couple of hours making these pies, so I was able to pull up. Similarly, right now, who had brownies last week passed out tickets and the people in tickets could have regained it for a pie. It's been too busy for us to actually pass out the tickets, so there is still a big nine tickets for if you want us to buy some pie. If you want us to buy, let us know. We're in the kitchen over there. The second pie will probably pass out then. So yeah, that's all.\n\n=== Komori Discord Shortcuts App - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nI'm going to be showing off a project that I'm working on for about the past week. So it's all glory. And it is an app that can allow you to send discord messages through Siri shortcuts. So the reason behind this app is that I wanted to send messages to Ostrac in the shower. So I just decided to make an entire app based around that. So as you can see, I kind of got like a set up flow going here that shows users how to actually make this app work. In the background here, all of those little dots are stars and they actually do twinkle over time, which I think is a nice fact. And then the main part of the app is this manager here. So this allows you to switch which account is actually active or boring. And it's either a feature you can actually use your user token, which is against the terms of service, but it's cool. So I left it in. I'll probably end up removing it. Maybe I don't know. We'll see. But her task can't work well. So the way it works is you go to the shortcuts app. And then it's just a regular, you know, Siri shortcut type thing. So I can select which server I want to send in out of all the servers I'm in. Then I can choose a channel that I want to send it in or this is going to be awestruck. I also have more options here. I can attach this if I'd like and I can set a specific account that I want to use. So basically I want to use like a specific on account. I can choose that here. Otherwise, I just use the default. And then I can just say, check that and actually I'll change that. If I play it, it does say this, but it actually does that. So that's just a little bit about the app. But it can mean part of the app does work. So I just got to do a little work cleanup and then I'm going to put this on the Apple.\n\n=== 3D Scan of Heavilon Hall Demolition - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nAlright, they killed Hevel and Hall. So, here's a shaker he's gannin' Hall. There it is. I took it on my phone. All I was taking this, I was standing at like, I walked like back over here, where, um, what's the whole mess? To it? Temistry? No, not, not chemistry going out of it. It's the other direction. Is it brown? It's brown. So, I was standing at the ground and then I get walk-by, I was like, look, it's in the ground. Five brown. And as I was standing at, one of the construction guys walked up to me and he was like, waiting on the way and he's like, blah blah blah. I couldn't hear what he said, and I was like, what? He said, there's a truck coming. I had to turn around and there was a thing in a truck coming and it almost hits me because it's driving through the gate. So, I almost got run over to take the scan. I'm not dead. The Hevel and Hall is dead. Can we get a moment of silence? We're having a little in-hall. Thank you.\n\n=== Unique Never-Ending Pattern - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nI think that's a taxi. Okay. Sorry. Okay. Okay. So this is basically all I have. This is a, I wrote a program in types that generates this tiling of these things called spectr tiles. So what's special about these is that they can tile the whole plane, but the tiling never repeats. So my goal is to like turn this into a badge. So you're going to have one of these one day. Yeah, this is the Einstein tile. Recently solved by a random shape enthusiast in Britain. He was just playing with shapes and he found this. You put this in your mouth. I don't know.\n\n=== Fixing Add to Calendar on Events Site and Open Source CityBus - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nThis is the first small thing of the Purdue Packers event page as an active Google counter button and has been broken for some time now. Here's how our fix is that. It's be reviewed. Hopefully you get merged today. So that's the first small thing I wanted to share. This is the second thing. I posted this on the Checkpoint Channel. This is a wrapper around the City Bus API. The reason I created this is because I wanted to have a homeless system sensor panel so that I can actually correct the bus business that I'm going to their, rather horrible website and app because it's really slow to load. It breaks half the time. The GPS marker runs, comes around. So it's still working for us. I just pushed an author release to online. But hopefully this gets a question out of bit more and we can integrate into different.\n\n=== First Raspberry Pi - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nI hope you guys can see that. Now you cannot see the tree on the ground. Are you in the view? Yes, I am just looking after the tree. This is the first time I am actually doing this. I am pretty excited. What we do this week is this. This is the rest of the 5-5. I just bought it two days ago. I feel on it $55. It is like only 90. Pretty excited about that. I was trying to figure this out as the card. I tried to eat it and eat a bunch of stuff to try to connect to it. I finally got it to work. I do. I was hoping one of you guys actually had a spare mic, or my cable line around. I can actually get that with that home monitor. I can talk to you after. The head goal is to eventually run my website on this. It is going to be a pretty long journey. I have to personally have a code on my website. So that is new. Yeah, you can do it. So good.\n\n=== The Vulcan Server Is Up - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nOkay. Wow, that's one good point. Hi, I'm following up from last week because Vulcan is very alive. And in fact, if you go to the Discord and scroll down to the channels, you may need to go to the top and show all channels because Discord likes hiding them. There's a forum and a different channel, a confirmation. And if you've all of the instructions there, you can get an account on the Purdue hackers rack server. Wow! Woo! It does have a website in Vulcan.moe. Right now it just has a sharp. But if you wish to have your own website, post it on the server at user name Vulcan.moe. Just ask. Just put a notice in the forum after making your account and all that you hooked up. We'll be able to edit whenever you want. Eventually, if you want to host your own website off of this, you can want your DNS record to that domain. And I can set you up with your own website, post it on Purdue hackers rack server. And if you want to host any of your own services, additionally, we have our acts server. It has dual zons and more power than you will probably be able to use. So, have fun and sign up. If you sign up here during Hack Night, you will get a printed receipt. This can be a wrap. Woo! I have a question. I have a question. Is DotPH a top level domain that exists? You need to be Filipino to get it. If you do not, I'm an old one. I'm a Stovane. Why? I propose Vulcan.PH. Well, why? How do you like that? I see. We're looking to that. Okay. Yes, I see. You just buy it for our services. How does it see, I see, a little bit more work. Can I update something on my repository and like, it's a little bit web-sai, I think. Is that like a pipeline? I mean, you can just set up your own system B services. Okay. So, instead of the system B services, you're like, okay, what's the, you can't use your own office, like, you can use it to instance or, you're like, you can use your own office. It is literally just a box for any network. Okay, that's the way. It is literally just a box. That's cool. You don't need to pay it for an event. It is notably very free. And so far, it's Purdue Pace for Networking and Internet and the IP address. Very cool. That's all for the idea there. Literally. If you want to lose anything, talk to me and submit a request on the forum and I'll work with you and get it done. Also, since it's already next, you don't have to ask me to deal with your packages. Maybe just grab one of your packages from the largest package repository on Linux. And most of the day, I got a browser online. So, every more of the questions. Thank you. Woo! Thank you! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for coming. Thank you.\n\n=== Build Your Own ChatGPT - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nAlright, we are here. Do you guys want to know how these are going for you? A way to execute any code you want using our language model? That's a cool online learner now. So this week was making code resistant. Oh, I don't know how to create an application for IAPI. I'm only using it now, I'm just testing out these names. But if you guys can see here, my IAPI cannot be accessed without tokens. That's not very impressive, but I think it's pretty cool considering that I just got very recently. I'm really happy about that. So my tokens will be used. But as for my IAPI, we now have a chat and functions list here. You can write code, it'll stay there. You can update it. I'm trying to work on currently enabling this menu to execute code online. So you can test your code before a large language model is accessed to it. So I'm going to bridge the two between chat and functions before next week hopefully. I'm also considering using Pyodide, which will actually port Python code in what assembly. So we'll see how that works out. It's very interesting. If you guys have experience with executing code in your browser, let me know because I am a little bit gluest, but I'm very happy with how it's coming out right now and chats persist. And I also have Markdown, which means you can just generate code now like chat to be T. So work in progress, but I'm really happy with how you know. And here's the guest opponent. So cool. Woo. Woo.\n\n=== Creating a Language - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nGood evening, Hacklanders. Are you good at it or are you better at it? Awkward. All right, good evening, Hacklanders. So, I am hosting the spoken language circle. And I just wanted to share some of the stuff that we developed tonight for the Constructible Language that we even are going on. Basically, I have wanted to make it so that the language changes a bunch depending on information only you and someone else knows. Sort of cryptographically, doing it fully cryptographically. Unfortunately, Jerry has passed this bad part of language. But some languages have things like you change your words depending on how close you are to someone or your age, things like that. So, me and a few of the people at the circle bring a bunch of ideas in line with that. Also, some other fun features, including maybe a tense for your specific mood that you are feeling, like you are happy or sad while making the statement. Someone that has the idea of having a tense for like if you are just hungry during the statement, I thought that was a fun one. Fair enough. And one of my favorites was a tense for indicating how much longer you wait to be in the conversation for. So, you could have a certain word marker saying that you want to keep talking or one that indicates that you are ready to be done. That's awesome. This has a lot of fun interactions with how you relate to other people. So, you could, for example, say that you use the marker that you want to get out of the conversation while being very broad or right, and that would come across extremely rude. We also, what is actually all saying here is taking the first, maybe, syllable someone's name or first couple letters and then incorporating that into something such as the pronouns in the language or like other grammatical features. Just make it a little bit more unique depending on who specifically you are talking to. That's it. Thank you.\n\n=== Blog Post about Badges - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nOkay, hello everyone, I am Matthew and I would like to share two things. The first is the passport making ceremony that I helped run earlier tonight. These things are so hard to run and it is very draining, which is not bad. It's just a fact of life and so I would like to congratulate myself and also Jaden Aiden Sri Ram. Someone else helped to make one river do that. But everyone helped to help run that. We made seven passports and they're great. Okay, the second thing. The second thing I'd like to share is this blog post that I wrote. I'm glad I finally got it out. It took me forever. I started writing it right after half night 5.3. But it's about the half night 5.3 pass and I think you should read it if you get a chance. If you didn't go to half night 5.3, you should read this. But the TLTR is, you know, it introduces, this is for an outside audience. So it introduces passes generally and like the general process of making one. And then it talks about like our idea for making the half night 5.3 pass a puzzle and it kind of shares our journey putting it together through multiple designs and iterations and then final design and then this is what the full like tile puzzle actually looked like. And then take it, we print it out for people who do the sculpture hunt and then some pictures of the day and people do the sculpture hunt. So I spent a while on this and I think you should read it because I think it's really cool. And especially if you didn't come to half night 5.3, you didn't get a badge. You should see what this was like because this is the best badge you ever made. So that's all. So I got it.\n\n=== Unspillable Water Bottle - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nIn the audience, many of us are water bottle users. But here at Penn Pineapple, we like to think different. We like to think about transparency. We like to think about minimalism. Water bottles come in two pieces. You have the bottle and you have a cap. So we like to think different. So what if we got rid of the cap presenting a low extraction water bottle? Try to get a volunteer from the audience to help demonstrate. Thank you. OK. So you stand here. I stand again. OK? I'm truly amazed on the floor. I didn't get wet. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Woo! We're all in the water bottle. Featuring a pipe with an age-old technology, a hole in it, we have invented a water bottle that doesn't spill when you turn it upside down. And yet has no cap. There is one slide down side. You can't get the water out. Or you can. But you know you take some effort. But hey, only one part down. Pretty one's name. I'm not speaking. So who else to go next? Great. Awesome. Do we have to go next? Yeah. Great. Awesome. Do we have to go next?\n\n=== Dotted Notebook - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nI'm the same person who made the track of eyes or organized it by the way the second slide is going to be done in a couple of minutes. Anyway, this is actually unrelated to that. I've spent about maybe eight or ten hours in the past couple days making dot grades. They look like this. They are a rotated skewed isometric factor with a square grid overlay and I'm planning on ordering a bunch of custom notebooks with this overlay. It's something that I'm actually super excited about. I've been idling for the past two years and finally got the idea and made put this together in the past week. Specifically, the theory behind it. So as you can see, the big dots are isometric. So if you want to do isometric drawing or anything like that, you can do that. Additionally, as you can see, it is lined or it has an appearance of lines. So if you want to do regular writing like line, you can do that as well. And as a third note, it makes a square grid if you include the small dots. Specifically, the small dots help make up the square grid. So you obviously like notebooks and whatnot that have isometric dots or lines or squid dot square grid dots. And this is kind of the best of all for all. In my opinion, it has all of that. One thing I do have to note, isometric grid and square grid don't actually line up properly. So the isometric grid is slightly skewed. In practice, that actually just means that it's a different view than isometric. Because as a measure, it is like an actual technical view. But it still works out and I'm still a fan. Part of the reason why I bring this up, as I said, I'm planning on ordering custom notebooks. They are of course bought the pricing. So if anybody wants a book, let me know. Right now, I've got nine people looking at myself to get these books, which means that if you were to join us, it will be about like eight dollars, I think, is the current price for someone who's going to join us. So, object. Let me know and make sure I acknowledge and write down your name. So that way, I know that. And yeah, that's all. Woo!\n\n=== Komori on the App Store and the Sign Finished - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nSo I've got two checkpoints tonight. First checkpoint, my app Cymori is finally on the app store. Woo! So you can now do cost of the short cuts within our four discourse. So second, as mentioned, that's the magic of all of that time. So multiple accounts for all of that stuff. So take a look on the app store. Our download is if you're interested. Really happy. It's probably going to be like two weeks. So it's nice to actually see it finally in production. And of course, really a project. The sign is done. It's been counting. And it works perfectly. It synchronized lightly time. So it would do with the countdown as well as the one on the dashboard. And you're planning on adding more functionality to a suit, custom light pattern, stuff like that. So it's been a really great journey. But it's nice to see an actual 1.0 for a dime. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo!\n\n=== Adblocking on an iPhone - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nSo, something I've been working on pretty much not stopped my entire life is how to get ad-logging working on my jailed iPhone with latest iOS and video updates and it took me a while but I think I have a solution I'm pretty happy with and it's pretty complicated but I run my own custom DNS over a GPS server I will show all this happening right now on my iPhone but I don't have a way to show it on screen so I run my own custom DNS server on my server and that's proxy through my bank address and my work but then all the DNS requests of my phone makes are filtered which means that any request to ask a full-up on or anything are blocked or returned with a blank and that makes all the ads of my phone just come up here and the only other difference is YouTube where YouTube doesn't actually work like that YouTube serves ads from YouTube.com so I can block YouTube.com so instead of what I did, what I said was something called YouTube Rehite on my phone, it sort of looks like and it brings back the old YouTube layout and also a spirit of a lot of people. It's not exactly stable, it is not good but I'm excited about my work on my phone because that's not something that's supposed to be happening. It took a lot of configuration because at this point I had to create my own enterprise management network on my phone, I had to create my own certificate authority and my own entire secure signing system in order to get enterprise management on my phone so I can override the DNS server permanently from every single connection. So yeah, that's what I have to work on.\n\n=== Building a Rubik's Cube Computer - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nSo if you know remember from a few weeks ago, I, I was going to start building a computer from a Ruby's tube. So this is sort of a small program subject for, well, okay, this not have done is through our text code. This is way easier than the set up for the mouse grid. So for one, I have through the Ruby file, the best architectures for my Ruby's group computer, use the data for it, not sure if it makes no sense. And another thing I did was I was coding a solver and I was able to remove duplicate code, which is a group theory to explain. But this code took like a day to figure out, like a few days actually I think. And last thing, I managed to convert a Ruby's cube algorithm to something of the script notation, which the code is really messy, but basically compacts the representation of this, which is a few like random like scrambles to this, which is a lot more compact. These are the words. So I'm not sure if you understand all that, but this, again, the main point is I've been working on my Ruby's cube computers and I love to finish it native and I'm a tie simplified hack nice. So guys.\n\n=== Unique Way to Count Binary on Hands - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nLikely silly thing but people on the internet say that you can count to 128 on your hands by using your fingers as binary except nobody can actually do that Because Connor they're going to do the number nine nobody can like raise just your ring finger so Okay, apparently you can Oh look at that little finger We got to like a different finger It is the ring finger Carry on, okay Okay So if you instead of using your fingers you use the gap between your fingers then you can count to anybody like much easier so and oh my god It is a one in closed gap as a zero So you have like one two three four five six seven and then nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen And then so each hand is a hexadecimal digit two hands are a bite very convenient\n\n=== Update on Vulcan - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nAs I demoed last week and told you all last week, Vulcan is a lie. The Prudegi Gris Rock server is a lie of running. As the last night, using this nice script, we have already gotten over 20 users. Each time users join, they have generated receipts with their username, password and some login information. As the last night, you know after everybody registered for us, I started working on these scripts. So I had to generate and even better receipts with a nice better everything. So for those of you who already have an account, you want a nice, no improved receipt. Or if you have not created an account, you want a nice new rack server and want an account for free compute resources. Come as any and make a request in the inbox. Yes, yes. When does that give you six comments? Later. We have a request in the inbox following the information channel. If you can't see the information channel, tell us what to show all channels. Now, just as nice router that you can make the receipt, this is the small router library that it aims to add Python context management to everything. Or trace it, nice and easy to create, you know, beautiful receipts just like Python. That is all. Make an account and enjoy free compute resources. Bye bye.\n\n=== Making Buckeyes - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nSo I'm first to keep on making shit like every single week like baking food last week I made chocolate pie and I also did a big end last night Here today I made bakais Here is a good photo of the bakais But apparently sitting in the fridge, cooling down after the night demos Come over to the kitchen area over there and we'll be serving bakais There's roughly 240 of them So you know, there's plumbing for everybody This is the spreadsheet that I use to actually like plant out the bakais And things like wow, here's the original ingredients that's needed Like for the recipe and then I did a multiplying by 10 to the plant back Is that we used 2.2 kilograms of powdered sugar and 2 kilograms of peanut butter That's quite a bit And then also the only other thing that I really have to note is Chocolate is expensive and is like the single most expensive part of these bakais So yeah, that's all, any questions? Who subsidized it this? I like make, I basically, I don't know how to make it I have to eat it in the kitchen, so I just kind of put it all in my kitchen Yeah, it always helps me to do something for me Yeah I've been talking to each other I sure know, it's not this time, it's about 40 bucks It's not always 40 bucks Like next week, I'm finding a cake I already have the spreadsheet, how to put it together for that It's going to be like 20 bucks for it Sure new hackers will start cake for half of all baked goods Sure, I agree\n\n=== Passport-Making Ceremony and Fixing Sign-In With Passport - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nHi everyone, my name is Matthew. I have two things to share. The first thing is that we ran another passport making ceremony and made seven new passports. Woo! And I would like, thanks. I'd like to share that because it's really hard or really, and I get really drained. So I'd like to share it at checkpoints because it feels like I put the work in. The second thing I want to share is earlier today, I opened a little PR to fix a box that's been in A.D. which is the signing with passport API. That's been there since it was created, which is that if you've ever made your database registered for a passports ceremony and then updated it before your passport was activated, like to change some data before the ceremony happened. None of that data would actually change the database. And the reason this didn't matter is because the portrait, like the data page itself would update correctly and for a while that was the only thing that mattered. But then we introduced changes where you sign up for a passport making ceremony swast. So then when, so that people would like, people would like update their ceremony times and then they wouldn't update. And then it turned out that nothing was updating, like ever. So I fixed that. It wasn't too hard, but it took me like an hour, which is too long, but I'm new to it. But I did it. And that was now all the values of A.D. properly.\n\n=== Almost Done the Phone Doorbell - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nOkay, so my project of the week has been printing the trinidad of bond belt on the news and taking way too long. So sadly I didn't make it because WebRTC is for any base. But I do have some full updates. First of all, the entire main phone bell application has been rewritten to be at least partially someone acing using Tokyo. Also adding like extra logic to make sure that the application fails gracefully instead of silently. Not only that, but I finally got the socket connection like the one socket that allowed the phone bells to communicate setup. So it's mostly working. As well as getting the WebRTC, this is not WebRTC. This is WebRTC. Getting WebRTC implemented. There's a little bit of code that is in it, but... Oh, just this a little. The biggest thing though is testing on my local machine used to be hard because you start to upload it to the phone every time you build it. Now... I have a UI. I learned the Druid UI framework. So you can now basically just emulate the hardware by literally dialing numbers here. So the ringing is actually driven by the server. You can actually pick up the phone and the server will think, Hey, this is a real phone. Nothing weird to go out of here. So that's my trip of this week. Yeah. Woo!\n\n=== DS Emulator from Scratch - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nShow my DSMulator. Show my DSMulator. Wow. What is that? Ooh. What? What? What? No, it's a tiger. It's a tiger. He's like from scratch in the end. He's like... Oh, yeah, the mic, right? Can I do a real costume at? Yeah, so I wrote this in C. From scratch. I started like around a year ago. Roscoe work was like... Three or four months. Um... Basically, I'm like emulating CQ, GQ, all the timers and whatever the random components. It's like a block and there's very other chips and whatever. How did you go about this? Like, what was your process for making this a big, big, big area? Uh, I guess you just started with the CQ and then slowly implemented like more and more of the IO registers and IO registers are a very good way to figure out what the hardware is. Also, the CQ is currently using a Reconpiler. Reconpiles the ARM32 machine code into X86. And I haven't... I was going to write an ARM64 back in, I haven't done that yet. So right now I was actually using two chips at once. So because I'm using Rosato to a chip, I think the X86 to a further map. But um... That's actually really cool. Yeah, the chips also use the one to pull them out of the ARM dimensions. Um, so that's pretty cool. Oh, it's a nice... Yeah. So it is the wire print here. Oh yeah, there's a bunch of cool buttons. There's the wire print button that shows it in wire frame. There's also the free camera button which... Which, which, which, which, let's see, we can move the camera where we're right now. No. No. It's not running automatically at like 200 FPS, but you get the point. Wow. Yeah. Do you guys have any questions or whatever? How many games does this work with? I mean, it's an emulator, so does it work with all games or... Theoretically it should work with all games, but it probably doesn't. Yeah. Woo! Woo!\n\n=== Custom Personal Finance Tracker - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nFor my products, so I have to like heat-fuck my personal finances of course and I've traditionally used a spreadsheet for that but I noticed that there's a lot of certain like these universities that I like to manage with that. Like for example, I went around a budget money, I don't like having like different physical accounts, I like to just have a separate range of entirely orthogonal budgeting systems. So I came up with a theory about how I could basically just put transactions together as like contacts to them and then kind of put the tags in different categories to be able to kind of keep track of multiple my categories of integration together. So I put up a prototype, I've been working on it. I've already worked on it a while ago and I spent a few years at SA, I worked on it today. And I told him a decent system now where I can like, I can first use it, honestly like available tags and then you can also make your own lose right now and then I have a real motivation tag. And then it goes with insert transactions and let's take like a 50 dollars or more, more, 40 things. So I spent my time and then like we can add the actual tags and stuff so the motivation to the kind of access they have, then we can add the budget is in the plant. So I'm going to go with the 300s. Of course. I will say the password for the information and then from there, whenever we use for the transaction, we can print. And then we can see that there is a vocation where the test vocation is 50.3. And then you're all of my vocations together right now. And then in my version is, I have 50 dollars and then it is a free half or a passport. And in general, I have 50 dollars. It's always made in all of my registers together. Awesome. And so that's where I'm working on. And then you also have a simple wallet by things like being able to provide a page tag with the transactions. And it's like a completely custom shell. It's like a user's wallet is out. So yeah. Okay. Let's go.\n\n=== Music Interactivity Video Game - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nThis is a lot of off for the past, like long-for-some. And this is basically just like a game, go in like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It's not really like a game, but right now, because we do have like player movement and software. So basically, one of the main points of the game was that there would be like an interactivity component with like using it. So it's going to be like that now. So it's going to be like, so it's going to be like, it's going to be like boxes that are being... Oh, it's going to be like a box like that. And that's part of the game. Yeah, I did. It's like a box like that. So, no. No. You have to block it. And not today. I know. Oh. I'm doing this part of the song. It's the game of the board. And you have a bunch of different songs. And ultimately, I think our goal is to have a sort of system where the user can like upload every song they want or any like empty and furry file. So our goal is to have an empty song to have the user in a certain vulnerable place. If you want to make this into a billion-dollar company, how are you going to avoid the copyright? The copyright. The user upload this on. Become TikTok. They want to actually have the music on your platform. Oh, whoa. What is the objective? I think the objective, I guess right now, is to just like, as long as you can. The future, one of our goals is to add like, little like, I guess, coins in the song. It would be so cool if this is a platformer. And the bottom of the platformer, like, it moved up and down depending on the music. And like, it's like Mario where you're trying to get to the end of the level. But that like, you're also also avoid the music. That's like... Did this come out of that like, brainstorming session at the first hack night? Yeah. That's amazing. It's been a while. I'm so glad you made something out of that. Yeah, that's awesome. No. No. You're crazy for this one. That's it. Thank you. Woohoo!\n\n=== Scream to Make Your Computer Faster - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nAlright guys, imagine this, this moment, you are furious at your computer. It's slow, it's stupid, and nothing you do or try makes it better. You scream at your computer. Alas, it doesn't appeal emotions. Your computer doesn't know that you're mad at it. It doesn't get any faster. You just lose your voice. Luckily, part 9 of this is that. So, whatever you scream at your computer, it runs faster. I don't know if you guys can see how weird this is right now, but I'm going to hit the new tab button. It's kind of slow. Scream at it. I don't want to actually scream at it. I have the mic sensitive to turn up all the way, but you can see how much of a delay it was right here. It's like, everything is pretty much pretty fast. Make your computer. Huh? Make your computer. Yeah, you can. Go ahead and go for it. You can go for it. You're fucking suck. Woo! I don't know if you guys noticed at the moment that Ray started screaming at the computer, it worked. Yeah, I don't know how useful this is because it doesn't actually make your computer faster. It slows it down first. But yeah, that's what Art and I have been working on. Art's working on making the network slower using some funky links or funky links internal stuff that we've been poking around with. But yeah, that's where we're at. It's a very interesting project. Thank you. Woo!\n\n=== Adding a Point Sphere to a Website - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nSo first I started by, I was like, the layout is not complete yet, but I got inspiration from like other developers. Basically, I wanted to add some life pretty cool graphics in my website and I decided I want to add a point sphere. So I got this paper which basically has an computationally effective method of creating a point sphere. Also, the details on it, but I basically wrote the code and I learned C++ and like C++ graphics like OpenGL, GLFW, all that, and if I go to ESCO, the type of thing is there, oh, there we go. And then I run. There we go. Yeah, we get a rotating point sphere up at the top of the screen. Yeah!\n\n=== Coding a Pattern that Never Repeats for Hack Night Badge - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nOkay, I designed this piece back. If you look at the line cap, it's almost like 600 lines of like, wow. This is like, this looks like an instant amount of time to do so, I don't know, people don't normally check points, badges or whatever. This is a lot of effort, this is a full-size piece. I am open source to all of this. I could, I'm close to the link to the code. Yeah, I don't know. Woo!\n\n=== Integrating CityBus Into Home Assistant - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nThis is going to be really short. It's more of a problem. I think. Okay. So I really want to get this done in time for this checkpoint, but it's not on the beam. The reality is not as accommodating as beam. So about two weeks ago, I debuted CityBuzz, which is a Python library wrapper around the AQI that the CityBuzz of all play at. It gives us, right? And I wanted to make this a go Python library because the official app and website of CityBuzz really, you know, it's super terrible, right? And my next step after making this library was to somehow get CityBuzz integrated into a whole system. And this is the code that I've been working on for the past couple of hours, actually. And you can see that, you know, there's some sensors going on so that we translate the results that we get from the CityBuzz API and make it into a format that's, that almost is simple. And by write this code, I mean, I shamelessly stole it from under integration, adapted it and audited for CityBuzz. So I mean, everything in Home Assistant is open source, so you could say I appropriated the code, but that is what happened. And we now have CityBuzz showed up under as an integration under Home Assistant, but now that's as far as I've gone. And you can actually install this using the HACS because the integration is upon my GitHub as a repository. But unfortunately, I also wanted to demo it working, but you know, Gaudi can form to what we expect. The code isn't working because there is not hardly a time. Hopefully, that's 5.4 and SBC HACS. Bye. Oh, super. There's my promise. Thank you.\n\n=== Keybindings for Jupyter Notebook in Nix - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nThis week, because I've been doing a fire mount of physics work and I've had a notebook, and I use Nix of course, I was getting pretty annoyed that I don't have my nice VIN key bindings in your notebook. And also I was getting pretty annoyed that I had to type an entire bit of shenanigans that were properly output marked down and from a code cell. So I decided with the Nix, why don't I figure out how to package? These wagons. So now, I've got all of my them key binds. I don't even, I want them. So I have them. But additionally, since I figured out Nix to mark down as the other plugin, if I run this, you know, with the highest variables, if I run this, they know the value of the variable. If I run this one, it runs the function. So I could just run the code in line in mark down cells, so I could just include it inside my mark down up. I had to not create these features, but I think you'll do the pain of factoring it with Nix, because yarn hates me and I hate yarn. I don't like the off script, I have for good reason. It keeps annoying me. Aside of that, it's not a must of a ship, but more of an advertisement. As each week they keep saying, welcome is live. In the dashboard, you can sign up if you want to account on the per new hacker's rack server. Specifically, there's a category of channels. If you cannot see them, you need to go to the server settings and click show all channels, unless you're the bottom category. In the inbox, you can sign up for a new account. So if you want to run anything on a fairly powerful rack server, and all of this large number of board glory, sign up for any accounts, because they're not a lot faster than your laptop. Thank you.\n\n=== Designing Landing Page for AI Code Reviewer - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nI'm Lewis, I'm going to speak on this past week. I've been to Simon and David Page for my chat with you, Robert. So, I think we're going to miss Appalachian Co. Mail and basically an ad co-regurer for your ad generate code. So, this is my thing, my like, it's my board. I'm trying to make this like, yeah, look good. So, this is what I settled on. Oh, so it's like really dramatic. It's aimed for people who make a lot of ad generate code. So, yeah, I'm speaking. I have like some take reviews. I want to trigger it, so it's not like, I'm not breaking the rules here. And then I can go down, grab all the good sing buttons, and then a lot of recognizable logos. So, you just paste in your code, the Apple app looks like this. I was able to add an Amonico editor, so the same one you use in VS Code. You can paste that in here, and then as well just line in for some work. Get some code, add it in there, and then we'll check it. Ideally, you can check it against a prompt, and it'll check if there are any rules of nations. And I'll tell you, but the landing page goes down, tells you more about the thing. So, if you'd like to use this, I'll give it to you for free. Just give it a contact with me, I'll be over there.\n\n=== Running Code on Browser for AI Assistant - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nAlright, in the video over here. Alright, cool, so I'm shaking a number of points a while back that I was struggling a little bit with running code in my browser. Three tap last time I was thinking PiDi and today I'm at PiDi. So my interface here is also running the same code or modem code under that. We was just thinking very helpful and I like code that actually makes it realistic. Because of BS code skills. And the coolest thing is now I have to get output. So I run the code, I get output. That doesn't have a pretty simple loop and I get people add outputs, right? The next challenge I'm facing now is having a large language model under sent and run. So we was kind of getting a cool like hack on your one liner. Right? An LM for an LM interacted with the back end for you. So it is a gigantic and I'm excited to see how my Chinese native language code is. But yes, it has to be in the app or the client so they can go code and work. And yeah, that's what I've gotten done so far. So cool.\n\n=== Long Video About Everything Finally Finished - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nThat's a very high level way to do all of it. I would... Alright, so parts of the slideshow are apparently not voting. So we'll just do this in full screen, but like kind of windowed halfway. Yay! Hey everyone! I have been working on a project and it is not finished. It's about hosting it. As you can see about the title. Wow! What is it? That's a good question. It is a multi format video that is designed to be interesting and also hopefully show you a little bit of the difficulty of expressing things online. Here are some screenshots from it. Wow! Look at that! That's the backdoor center. Wow! Here are some quotes. Things that other people have said about it. Some of them may be accurate. Some of them may be not. Yeah. It's a spinning of bits and bits. It's also a spinning animation. Ah, questions? Very cool. How long is it? It is 52 minutes long. Did you mention that in the watch? Yeah, we're watching it sometime between like now and one o'clock probably. You should all watch it. We're going to screen it up here. What do you think I'm going to do? I'm going to screen it. Turn it down. Woo! Woo!\n\n=== Amogus Shows Working Doorbell - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nVery big announcements. Would you like to share yours? Please and bye This will take a bit Hello Hello everyone As you may have seen, we currently have a doorbell you can go to the bottom stairs and your code and it pulls up something on the screen However, a while ago we decided that's alright, we want something more interesting We're now introducing a new flow. It's not available on this hacknet yet because we're still doing a little Finally bugging but you can now pick up the phone Pick up the phone And I will zero to hack There will be a second one and a half night and they'll be able to talk to you. So Oh, yes, there are also some Easter eggs if you feel like discovering them good luck What happens to be a down 911 I legally can't say what happens I can't legally say that I just I have to board There is a small list Somewhere of secret codes that you'll be able to dial\n\n=== Burst Announcement - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nThe very last thing that we want to announce tonight is something special that we've been working on throughout the year and what we want to ultimately invite you all to. At the end of the semester, we love the theaters. We want to invite you all to first. This is a culminating event for Purdue Hackers that we wanted to do every semester. We're doing a story of art galleries, but the twist is technical projects that have come out of Purdue Hackers. You all are invited, we're going to invite faculty, alumni, and it's going to be great. If you have any projects that you want to show off, go free to pitch up to us. But yeah, it's going to be at Ruth Galleries on December 8th. Go free to come by and take a look. This is something that we've really been working on towards. Tell your friends, tell your family. It's all from... So this question was, is it only our projects? It's projects that have come out of Purdue Hackers. So things like design, for example, is something that's been worked on over the course of the year. And we spend significant amount of money on that and it's been a street life effort. So things like that that we want to show off. And there's a lot of interesting ways that we're going to have to go about presenting projects. So you'll hear more about that closer to Wayne. The gallery comes out. Yeah, it's going to be really cool. Tell your friends.\n\n=== The Sign Is Complete - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nSo I adopted the tire process to make the sign how it all came together. So I'm really proud of this. And this actually has got came up by Hackett A. So in a few weeks it's going to be published on their sign. So we can get a lot more eyes on that. It's going to be really cool. The second thing, the vlog is now being completely rewritten in Nashville. So it is much much happier. Everything goes super quick. I was trying to get the vlog post out and I couldn't get the old system to run properly. So now it's up to date and everything works great. So I'm really happy with that. And I also, this week's badge was a fusion. And I was going to be. So this was really fun just trying to figure out how to meet the badge. But it came out really well. Woo!\n\n=== Isometric Dot Grid Notebook - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nSo I don't actually have like a thing to show, but this is a notebook that I did. It's custom-order notebook that arrived within the past week. I spent maybe about 10 to 12 hours designing it and all the artwork and whatnot and inside is a custom isometric dot grid with a very specific skew and coloring and whatnot that I spent a lot of time just figuring it all out and it finally arrived. So yeah. I\n\n=== Factorio Speedrun - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nSo the other thing that me and this wonderful group of people here have been working on, this is just a classical lot of work. We are Steve running in fact for you. Vanilla 2.0, this is our current work in progress phase. We have great science and red science and some injuries and whatnot. We're working on oil. The goals will be done by like 4 a.m. and I think we will be the hit that. We're going to be good. Woo! Thank you.\n\n=== Sonic the Hedgehog Costume - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nHello. Hello. Hello. Are they talking at the time? So my brother is not at all a computer project, which is why I'm not plugged in the H.C. My cable. I made this haul with costumers. They started here at HackPite. These are $20 shoes painted red and white to look like. So I'm exposed made from TV from a new t-shirt. Two children's t-shirts signed together to make what people think looks like. So I'm not wearing the rest of it. Also, the parents' pants, what they don't fit me, they're just the biggest blue pants I can find at the store. I think I look pretty good. I learned a lot during this. I do a bunch of things differently, imagining the gloves, all those shoes again. It's had a good time. Thank you. Woo!\n\n=== Burst Website - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nFollowing up to last week's announcement about first our show at the end of this semester, we have to decide really quickly before we wrap up the announcement to this board. So we speed around this in 30 minutes and this is the current site for first. It has information regarding where it is and it also has a really funky little yeah and that is all.\n\n=== Enabling Apple Intelligence on Older iPhones - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nSo last time I showed off how to get anime Island on I.12 this time I got something better. So the Apple did patch the exploit that I was using but they didn't patch it well. So you can still edit the more it's on patch. So I did a bit of app that so I here you can enable Apple Intelligence when I phone phone. So you have to screw up the device to like an iPhone 16 and enable it. But then here let me show you. I got it working. So now I already did a head of time inside the download bottle but as you can see it shows up in settings now and you got full AI theory. And you also got writing. That's time to check. Is it on device? It still works on device but it works actually fairly well. Pretty good.\n\n=== Lots of Math Plotted on a Graph - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nSo I have a question. It's about a fictional world and I do a cast. So I can go ahead and remind the two. Here's a Desmos file, and I have a double by roll. Oh, listen. Or 1,000 for designers containing writing and things. Most recently I wrote down the... What kind of telescope? Wish. Do you think it works like a numerical horizon telescope? No, you might try some telescope. In which a bunch of telescopes all across the solar system link up to it, you capture it, it makes you have something really far away. Recently I've done a few calculations to show that they must not be ordering the sorry they are a spacecraft. Otherwise, I'll just visit the fast-food cable. I do have a medical spot. I would like to draw the world on this. All the events that are happening. This work is for us. It's a robot from a perspective of other relatives at grad. The ASCAS is in seconds. The last is in meters. It's kind of wild. The landscape distance is under here. But yeah, that's a great question.\n\n=== GPT4You Works - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nI want to see the cycle ratio. Very funny. But I do have this. This is my second domain of power. I guess. DPD for you, as I know, is my attempt at trying to allow people to run code and add other nodes that will kind of go to my execute and hide student. And today, literally around 12, we, oh, I, oh, yeah. We fixed it. We fixed everything and now it works. Very excited to show it. Let me just fix this here. You guys can go on GPD for you.app as soon as that propagates. It's very funky right now, but that's the first phase issue. But here, you sign in. You create an account. Very basic. Nothing crazy. What I am excited to announce, however, is that you have kind of code over screen. You have your chat, your functions. Let's see, you know, what a function for a pretty color world. Right? You open up your menu here. Oops. Here. It's going to go in your menu up here. And basically, you have a library session. You can run code, update it so it saves the Firebase client. And you have a cool output window here. You can run code. It's a hello world. You can go with numpy. Maybe it's more complicated. Like a race. This numpy library is going to be defined. But you run code. It's all libraries. And once you browse it. The cool thing is, now, and I'll let you do that. So, you can go in here and say, execute the function of mine. Focus on numpy. Give it a natural language concentrate. It's a think about it. Let's see if it actually figures it out in any minute now. We're going to see it over the console here. It's thinking. Trying to see whether or not I'm asking it a little slow. It seems to be floating in the library. And boom. Now, let's figure out how to execute your code from a natural language prompt. And I actually even have a protected network. I run the exact same prompt. I'm going to run a timing up. That's OK. There's a lot of layers of elements trying to figure out what you're trying to ask it. It's going to look for your list of functions you created under it now. It's going to see which one of those elements will you ask. And if you're asking to execute a function. It's going to ask the decision prompt again. I want to show you the networking tab. It's a very interesting. And so, you can ask any questions at any of the links. But you can also have to specifically understand the digital logic request here. What you ask me to do. So, it's going to return any minute now. Your request. So, it's going to show me my numpy function is the most. It's going to show me what kind of code I wrote. The email parameters did any, right? So, if you have a function that takes it up once. It'll be extracted from your request. And put them in the right. So, it will pass it. And it'll run an analysis of what you actually ran. And the library is in this run. So, now I'm just figuring out. I don't want a function you just created using only an actual language prompt. You may just create your own LMF. So, very excited about it.\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.10 ===\nCheckpoint. I don't have a lot to share, but I would like to share that at home front of passport making ceremony today. So we made seven more passports. And they're very good. So thank you all for joining me to make your passport. And I'm okay. That's all I got. All right, good day. Oh, I'm stuck in the hole. Oh, you're definitely a friend. Jamming. You also have a game. I just have to do this. I did a theme of her tour. Yeah, I just made a... I love to see you. I love you so much. I love you. Yeah, you can't even get a phone. I just have to avoid getting a phone. I'm not a fan. Yeah, I can't even call my phone. I don't know if you guys are here with this, but I don't think you can. I can talk about RSS. And why that's really cool. And that's sort of my advantage. It's then that I've been telling you guys many people that can about RSS. And then he's about to get up with me. And he will meet my new runpad Apple on RSS. And he can't even put my eye on me. I think it's really good for me. I think it's really good for me. But that's a bad thing. I can't even get a bad eye on her. That wasn't me. So if you go to this split reader, and it's just a basic or a single reader, but if you go and refresh every time you refresh, you'll get a new frame of Apple. It's not that factory. So I built an automatic system that will refresh your RSS feed about 30 times a second. And this is every time you go and refresh your RSS feed, it's going to go full-time to frame dynamically generated. And the back ends written in PHP, and this thing is written in React, the front end. So the hard part was actually building this stupid button here to make it toggle on and off. That took two hours. Because this was written in React, the last component is nothing as the state. And it's not the same as the state of the live feed. But the back ends look like my hand, and it's just like, we're going to make a base. So here's bad Apple running as RSS feed. So that's it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, just a few here in the kitchen. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. So you don't have to help me now. A couple weeks ago, I demoed a 812 Ultra, and I expert on Ultra and I had some points to this thing. This is building on that a little bit. So I have the first server I took all that data. And this one I've passed. I've never read it before. It's a class angle on print. I create a list of those that you can read here if you want. But this is what we do. This is a print. It's a pretty good game. It's like a board and a dot script. This is a chart. Which is every message in the form that has been sent off. I'm going to a couple weeks ago. I've created a monthly list from this Jason file. This text file leads to another file I'm not familiar with. Which is the real demo here called Smart.py. And what this does is it's a very smart object based on that text file. So it's just a boss file. Which generates a really funny thing. I can run a view. This is the word. But I'll pull up the code for a bit. It's not much. I found library hardware. I'm going to get up and then leave. Go through using basically code. It's a lot of open. It's a lot of open. It's a lot of open. It's very fun. It's a lot of open. It's a lot of open. It's a lot of open. I can get you a friend. Oh, why? Oh, shoot. Thank you. Hello. This is Victoria. As it turns out, the transport belts and splinters in Victoria are in fact, torn and complete. I made a couple of logic. This is an update. The output is off. If not, if I turn on the input, then you get an output. So actually, I made an neat bit of adder with that. If I could turn on really hard to see the screen. If I start turning on the input, then it will get an output. Of course, being a transport belt, it has a really long delay time. It takes a photo while to get an output, but it will eventually prove that it will be an adder. Yeah, time for both of the drinks please. You can add that to the list of things in Victoria that are turning them on. This is Victoria. It's a Victoria, you know how it is, with the battery building. It's the most exact battery or shape it on iOS and all the different things. Yeah. Okay, so I am generally something that would work out. So I think Spotify has an application freaking stuff. As a recent, it caught me worse where it sometimes takes upwards of a meeting for it to recognize that I messed with Play1 and actually start playing music. So I'm solving this by building my own music player, which is obviously the most insane solution. So I don't have much of a demo, but what I do with the demo is this. I'll fill one moment. This, this might not look like much, but this represents a lot of code running in perfect security. Specifically, my command system, my ASIC command system, TAB, sending us off to a local database that the database recognized and paid. You don't have this on-pack, going up to music brands, which if you don't know, is a really cool miss data information to the song. Going up to music brands saying, hey, I have the information about the song. Downloading that information, storing it locally, and sending it back as something readable to the program. So, given this, I now just have the ability UI, and then I have a basic auto-pack. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, I realize I actually do have something. It's not a technical shit, but I started writing a new blog post about checkpoints. So, this is something we've been talking about for a long time. They know that we've tried a lot of times to run the most photo code at that rate, and checkpoints are like the third and a half cry. Like, our first time, the first time we tried it was two years ago at that rate, 1.0. That was a colossal failure. The second time we tried it was this February at that rate, 4.0, and that kind of fizzled out pretty quickly. That was usually, because it was like a circle through trying to meet the couch like I think I just, but then I just didn't really work out. I just stopped running and it was just ending. And then, we're not going to find for no, we started running mid-night demos, but then people thought that that was, people were a little iterated and by that thing. And so, I acted 5.2 we were in at this time points. And I think that points are really, really good. People are actually sharing really cool things that they're working on. And I think it feels a lot less intimidating than it did before. And I was like a real fart on happenings I was previously in the same. And so, I'm writing a lot of those stuff. I was like, I don't know, like happenings are like a hackathon flavored event. So, you know, that was a pretty good fart on happenings. So, one would think one of those hackathons would think that like demos would fit into happen pretty easily. But like, why did it take 3 and a half cries over 2 years to get it right? So, I started writing this last year, but I didn't think a little bit more about it. I ended up doing a little bit this year, this week, last year, last week, and then I ended up doing this week. So, I'm hoping to shift it right next week. So, yeah, this is very much like I literally just started it. Like, it doesn't have any analysis, it just has the intro. But I thought I just wanted to share something here. I'm currently working on this. So, if you're an algorithm, you probably will work with the background on the show. Something that I've learned recently is that I actually really like this show called Sange, which if you're used the most, shellies, you may be used to stuff like that, she's the essay, so worth wishing to have this old shell language. But what makes it much different is that it is literally just Python or the show. You can straight up just type Python or show in the course. Now, naturally, you know, more commands you show in the course. You can use that going to that. You feel like you're sneak-comand. But what's actually shippable for me here is, as long as you does not have any way to compare it with the next one, or else, or well, it does, but it's just not very good, because it's a lot of out-of-catch. And, you know, because it's not a big problem, but it is. So, what I've been working on here, as you can see here, I've been working on ten years come work that people like to try to get this up with the challenge, updating it, and making it actually work. And so, I can switch to the next time I'm on a show to make those of you who look at Python as a slow language, and then laugh at you because you can't get my show number. That is all. It's very well-known. How's your thing? Okay. You want your steamer? Yeah, it's fine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I think it's okay. Okay. This is my Python show. I don't want it. Okay. Alright. Alright. So, last week, as you guys probably know, I wasn't able to show off the UBT view. They were a lot of months. Number one, we launched with this issue where you can't chat after a shooting function. So, before I get into that, I want to show you what it actually is. I am golden to, I guess, the easy way to describe it as the very first Ellen front end. So, you can build right behind my foot. I'm just not a new show you might know here. You can run and build my uncoated IDAP right here. And this second key white tag code, your large language model, noting this, out of one it, and out of describe it. I have a few examples here. I'm looking at it. I have a global role role here. I have a patch function, which will fetch data from some, you know, placeholder, distant placeholder type. And I have a numpy arrays of JPR, right? So, all 30s exist on my IDAP. So, these exist and in those 8s. And I have chats, right? My chats now know that I've told exist. So, last week again, you can chat, you can finish a chat, you can write, you can do as many chats as you want. But there have been issues where when you actually have few defunctions in chats, it wouldn't leave chat with it further. So, I'll just start off here, I'll say hello, right? You'll know, I'm not asking any of these defunctions. Is there no understanding? I'll say, you know, I wanted to run one of my functions here. And I'm just trying to, you know, have a hard third example. Future will have it put in a written, put it parameters and all. But here we got my chat right here. I'll say, I want you to run... Numpy arrays. So, it's good thing, oh, he actually wants to run this function forum. I know what it is. Here's not going to. And to describe to me in detail what it did. So, using my natural language request, it took that and thought, okay, he wants me to display this code for him because he wants to run a forum. He knows that I want this function, right? Great. I want to describe that code for the compilers, alright? Okay. So, okay, I can start with compilering random. It's going to know, again, I'm asking actually, you know, the function. It's simply thinking, I'll be responsive to describe the code. And so, it's going to know, set the high-rank that code, how the arrays are modified, and all the actual afterword requests. So, we're going to go. Let's say in the future you have input parameters, right? If you want, you know, Westerners, you know, it's going to extract almost no parameters and pass it into the problem of what you can do. I can go here is that you can create any code you want and run it with natural language. You can know exactly how to actually go, what's the pass with the pass is auto-passed, and I'm very excited. If you guys can all go to GPT for you, go out and try it out, you can put it in a bug, or any case you notice, I'd be very, very thankful. So, as long as you can do here, it's very cool. And each two is going to launch us in more details and more questions. Thank you very much. Thank you. All right, we got any miles? All right. Okay, so it's very big. Okay, so today you can do math and run. So, I just learned that because of CS2082, so now I've got my experience. And it's supposed to be fun. If that of all the math is deep, isn't it? Hopefully, it feels more like you have questions along the way. And I answer the questions. Or we both come up with the answers to the questions. So, the winner of this is that you don't actually have the answers, you just have to be answers, and hopefully, you're like, what's this? And you end up with some results that make sense. I haven't done this one yet, and then the one I've been working on today. I don't actually know what to call this, but there is a comment to all three of these, which is that I'm like, ex-conishing strange things. So, maybe I should name that. What is, what is ex-conishing a paper's name? And then here I'm ex-conishing the derivative operator. So, that's not like what we've known since, but you can see here, some of these questions you might have. And then we figure out some of these double answers to those questions. And then we don't really know those other, like, the actual answers. But we can just, like, honestly, what happens with me, ex-conishing, and see if it goes somewhere interesting. Any other questions? Thank you. Hey, Sean. It has to be like a plot, or like, some kind of a plot about power. What about power? All right, do you have anyone else? I think we may have one more. So, I think that's pretty much the end of the story. So, I think that's pretty much the end of the story. So, let's go ahead and hold. So, I think we're going to have to start with the last one. So, I think we're going to have to start with the last one. So, I think we're going to have to start with the last one. And then we're going to have to start with the last one. And then we're going to have to start with the last one. And then we're going to have to start with the last one. The R? Yeah. I shall build my head in the line next to them. Man Russ steak sister reports I'm going to do this on the right side. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. Is it for you? It's for you. Sure. I need him. I need him. Yes. He has to give me videos. I see people recording videos. I see people recording videos. Right now. Right now. I'm going to do that. But you have to like... It's just fat water. I'm trying to get whatever else you use to give me videos. Although I only ask not one of them on this planet. I think the whole thing is on the outside again. It's normal oil. Thank you for watching it. All right, we have the last minute edition. Before we head out, I have another thing to remind you of. We are running a gallery show in a month from now. It's Sunday, December 8th, from 2 to 6 p.m. and Palo Hall. It's called First. I don't know what I'm going to pull this thing out of. You can learn more at first off from www.dumacres.com. We're going to start doing a really big marketing push pretty soon. I know we've shared this in the last, but I just don't remind folks every week. I want you to work in the project. It's going to feature projects like every band you've ever made. The door opener featuring an actual door. The bone hells. It's like an updated original bone hell. It's a steeper in the sign. It's going to be this wacky, incredible show. We think very, very seriously. We're people who get to share the thing that they made an accident in the last two years. So, yeah, please come to the verse in a month. Imagine a serious art gallery show. We have an actual gallery of events. We mount things to the walls and we have pedestals. We take it very seriously, like as it was actual literally harm. There are some screen installations, but there's never like laptops on tables. It's either like TV mounted to a wall or something else mounted to a wall or something on a pedestal. Very excited. Me too. Yeah, just want to let you know. Thanks for your minute check points. And always, content is going on until pretty late. Yeah, so take care. Thank you.\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.11 ===\nWe're working on writing a grammar for the cheer for programming. So it's going to, the language is going to look like this. And right now I have a grammar design for Joseph this part. So the hard-to-divine law of the registers, the program will have access to. And it branches out to this. Very nice. Can I have some cookie dough? I'm recording. But I'm recording. Yeah, there's no problem. You may have seen the discord. I now have a BS industrial robot arm looking something like this. The BS industrial robot arm. Why? I have it for a few projects. First of all, featuring at birth. This will be the door opener. When you go and open the door at birth, the robot will let you in. Second, I'm planning on making like a s'mores bar or something so I can automate the cooker. The hack-night cook's jobs. No, I'm not. Oh, this is your first meal by the job? Yes. One more thing to ship with this. This robot requires three phase power. However, I only have access to one phase power. So I am going to be doing something stupid. Do you not try this at home? Colloquially, colloquially, colloquially, it evens certain. It consists of a three phase AC motor converting voltages for me with a big ass resistor and a big ass capacitor. Don't do this. You could die. Well, I'm going to do it anyways because I'm stupid. Anyway, it's good night all. Can I play with the bottom? Can I see the arm? Can I touch the arm? Yeah. All right, so over the past year and a half, I've been building my Mac plugin for my website. Render's LogTech into HTML in PHP. And it's been a mess. It's been a long and really difficult journey and I finally cognitiveed to a point where I'm happy with it. So as a quick, I start this a short go. I'm going to have to go to the web site and I use my blog to test out the renderer. And this is what it looks like. I think it will turn out pretty well in terms of how it renders the math. And actually how it works is that I broke the renderer. But the rendering is actually happening in Node.js. I just have it do it over HTTP. I have a server in API and the PHP calls the Node.js server to actually render it. But it renders LogTech into MacML, which is something that's actually only been mainlined into Chrome like a couple months back. Like a year back, I think, was when it was it got finally possible support control. And over the past six months or the six months after that, I waited and I added a dual stack mode where I add a bunch of funky CSS in order to convert a bunch of spans. Into something that looks like math and then also had math ML, which is the native representation of the math. Or accessibility reasons, but I've broken RSS feeds. But if you finally look here, you can see that in your RSS, the renderer is properly as well as on a website. And this would mean a long time to get done and a long time to get perfect. But I'm finally here and I'm happy. Thanks. So, you know the dashboard? Pretty easily. And so, you know the dashboard? Pretty easily, as well, apparently. So, it's a no-so back side because each of us has enough to leave the same. And it's a little bit more than we thought. So, you know the dashboard? Pretty easily. And so, apparently, it's a no-so back side because each of us has enough to leave the same. However, the future is now and using the Ipad to host the dashboard is not playing. So, I've put you in Raspberry Pi running a Roland Pios that momentarily should most of us. And then, I need to help to wait a little while for it to pop up. But if I reload it, that's what I'm saying. The only problem. The Raspberry Pi is decided it doesn't want to help the audio. So, it doesn't want you to be very well-subored. That's what I'm trying to make for her. Your time zone is also wrong. Yes, you guys don't want to say that on the time zone. I don't think I know who you have. Nice. Vulnerable. Delete 2CAS. Well, delete 2 others that type CAS. Additionally, as you can tell by that very glad I told you what's left. Let those things out, no more looking. If you have the console folded, you want to have a AWW folder, free them in your own directory. You can just always see all that. You just have to explain it. If you can put any files and AWW, you can just post them. You want to serve files for people to download? Don't go to anything legal. I will find you. I will find you. But if you want to post anything saying that you just can't fail it around top and run it will probably fail free. That is your username, www.Wolking.com. And there's some more information in there. And there are only later and more information in the English Channel. Thank you. How big of a file can I host? As long as we are not using so much storage, I think it's in the storage published. Now what number is that? Right now the home folder is on a share file and a gigabyte drive. You should probably limit yourself to maximum 50 gigabytes. 50? Maximum 50 in total. For your entire user account. Oh. And that is contingent on if we don't get more storage in which case you can ask for it. It is not enough. I'm found where it is. I'm not going to go in. You don't know. Woo! This is says better working progress for online gaming or web games. This is better working progress for a company. This is more important for a company. This is a more important one. This is better working progress for a company. This is more important for a company. This is more important for a company. This is more important for a company. This is more important for a company. This is more important for a company. This is more important for a company. This is more important for a company. This is more important for a company. This is more important for a company. This is more important for a company. This is more important for a company. This is more important for a company. Ending of my Game Docs on screen. Ending of my Game Docs on screen. I've asked for a task. I've asked for a task. It's really tough. It's really tough. But it's a lot of fun. It's probably going to get another AI that will work even smarter, but I still have to take this one. I made the worst on my team today. Thank you! I'm going to take my coat off because there's a lot of shake, a bunch of big standard I'm going to take my coat off because there's a lot of shake, a bunch of big standard I'm going to take my coat off because there's a lot of shake, a bunch of big standard I'm going to take my coat off because there's a lot of shake, a bunch of big standard I'm going to take my coat off because there's a lot of shake, a bunch of big standard Awesome See what he's wearing Awesome See what he's wearing Awesome See what he's wearing Awesome See what he's wearing Awesome See what he's wearing I'll stop typing He takes me so much And I'll hack it strong Harder? Harder? Okay, for some reason the cashier could be weird because there's much more sponsors to go through But that's too weird This is your Iron card This is your iron card Oh Wait, why is the package more? I have a video in the discord that's like super responses I don't know Are you still reading the audio? I But yes, it's 10% total for you lost nothing to say Yes, yes, we found a way to remove the package that I played right in I have a video in discord which they act rate and not but I guess I tend more to answer some I got the video in the ship channel if you want make an actually Who's next for checkpoints Do you do you want? I should have used thing I Like You have a like Put it up to your mouth It's very sensitive I don't know So first I Never used one before I think The head is so just out of one Starting out pretty good so far it needs just all of the smoothness but I think most of the pieces are gone now It's You Order them Is there anyone else who wants to demo something for checkpoints? That'sicide Promised Berlin So there's 16 million or something. If you have any people are buying. If you know me, I've been recently been working on a script computer. I've asked you that guys. What? So, what the main breakthrough on it was today is Henry and I and a third friend. We managed to figure out arbitrary multiplication in our research and programming languages with only three registers. And the way it works, you can't just do it in addition because the programming language works in such order that you can only add constant values to add an arbitrary value. You can't just do it in addition. So, the way that approach that we use actually relies on big theory. I don't think I can explain it, but using the equivalent C, program of it, basically it removes the factors of the prime numbers that make something logical. And then after that you create a modular multiple to the free of end. From there you can do it beautifully from the generators up there until other languages work. Then you add multiplication, the other end. I don't think the main thing is that we work like many days in this working and seeing arbitrary multiplication in those few languages. This is going to be actual language, I don't even see because it's the most similar to what the language will be. It's not the problem with the programming language as a work problem, but any multiplication working, right by the way, I think 89 times 82 takes like 9500 editions. But it does work. I think the approach we use is really impressive. And this is not as incredible. Anyone else going on? I'll go. Yes. Okay, the math is good at going. Can't we get tricks today? Yes. I would see if I can actually do it in front of that one. I'm on the game, my game is going to be going around. Yo. Okay. Oh, boy. I can't move the skate any longer. I have no intention of skating. I wanted to download the one. And I want to get a little chance. Okay. I really have to do this. Alright. You know this. You're getting true. Oh, you got it. I can see the start, I can't go any higher. It's just like I want to do it. I've been to the past and I've been through a lot of different ways. I spent a couple of eight hours of my life learning how to use jazz. It's called by a company who is sponsoring us tonight. Ooh. Oh. Oh, I think Greek language. I learned how to use jazz for context, video, love, or words, or textures. So everything here happens on your computer and sing too. It's a really interesting paradise. I think I'm using it. I generally think it would be really cool. Oh, yeah. A lot of learning new things around me. But yeah, I created a sort of interesting recreation by all. It's not particularly fun. But it works. So you create rules. And it'll give you a QR code. You can see, hang with you, that's participating. Yeah, we're not getting any things. There is going to be a lot of things around me. Oh, we have people trying to do it. Thanks. So we have people in here who updates really good paths. And it's straight around. You know, the spider is the age. Because I'm only out on the screen. But age is told in a location. The spider is no. And first, ask each other questions to figure out who the spider is. And after two minutes, there will be a period where you can talk to each other and go to kill someone. And then to live in. I would have probably been in the community for two minutes. But yeah, it's very cool. Enjoy using tags to build this. Yeah. Thank you.\n\n=== Ice cream! Checkpoints 5.12 ===\nI mean ice cream. So far I've only made vanilla ice cream. This is the recipe that was used. It's really simple. It's really pouring ingredients. I added an expensive amount of vanilla extract because I think that's always good. I think I've turned it out pretty well. And it's literally just a whisk together the ingredients until the sugar is dissolved. And turn it for like an hour or a little bit at the bottom of the year or whatever. And then serve. And in my case, the music and ice cream machine, which makes it nice and easy. But I don't have to do any alcohol manial labor. But you don't actually need an ice cream machine. You can do it with two zip lock bags and a multiple ice. And I do mean a bunch of ice because you gotta keep it cold. Me, Artus and Edan ran to the nearest ice cream or the nearest ice machine and stole like 40 pounds of ice or something. Not really sure how much we just had for 10 minutes with the last pocket all down. Taking the perfect ice out into a pack. The ice is so far as much as we've been going on the vanilla. I am planning on making cookies and cream, chocolate chip cookie dough and this is obviously ice cream. The chocolate ice cream is currently going. It will be gone and maybe about half an hour. So if you're still here half an hour, you're gonna pop the ice cream. And an hour after that we'll be going to the cookie dough and an hour after that we'll be cooking the cream. So, yeah.\n\n=== IMG 7866 ===\nHello! Hi, I'm Lewis and I made AI code.fail. I've presented this a couple weeks ago. Basically, I revamped it and it's looking great. So, this is the landing page that I designed. Basically, this is like an AI code checker. So, like, if you generate code with AI, it's like, as it can lose weight and like, have all these problems. And so, basically, I want to make a really fast way to check that code. So, all you have to do is paste your code in and then click a button and it will check it. So, yeah, let's write up. So, you create an account or sign up. Okay, what's some code we should generate? Okay, so we have some disbuzz here. So, you can ask it, this is optional, but you can have it compare against the original broth. And then you can paste your AI generated prompt here. And then it will check. It will basically, like, really quickly give you a result, which can be helpful if you have a super long script that you need to check. In this case, it's pretty quick, but, you know, logic and stuff, you might not want to, like, trace everything. So, it can say, like, add comments, not kind of stuff. Other feedbacks can be pretty helpful. So, I'm going to try and check out AI.cal. It's literally the domain. Yeah. Thank you.\n\n=== IMG 7867 ===\nSo I don't think I actually sure this is at a check point because I built this at the beginning of last week and then I wasn't at Hac Day last week so I didn't get a chance to actually like show the finished version of this. So I built a website for Burst and I'm very proud of it. I think it's really cool. There's a lot to it that I want to show you. First this garish red like hurts to look at and it's really awesome. If you stare at it for long enough your eyes will hurt and that's like the point. And then the other thing is this star here is this like canvas star. I didn't write most of this. This is a collaboration with three people who are better at this than me. But you can move your cursor around the star and it'll kind of disturb it like that. And then if you move it away after five seconds it'll kind of like explode sort of. It'll start like animating like that. And I think that is really cool. And then over here it's a little bit of like a description of what Burst is like at a high level. And then you can see a preview of all of the featured projects. So we got the passports, the phone bell, sign, ET, vinescript, door opener, badges, off-guard, printer, keymash. And there's actually even one more I think that's not on here yet. So yeah, I think I'm just proud of this website. I think it's cool. I spent a couple days on it. And I liked the way it came out. And I like that. I worked on it with a couple other people who helped make it really good too. So that's all I got. If you aren't aware yet, Burst is our gallery exhibition. It's like a demo day in the form of a gallery exhibition. The four-hour pop-up is the exhibition. It's an actual art gallery around campus. It's running two weeks from Sunday. So it's running on Sunday, December 8th, through to 6 p.m. And I think you should come. Because you get to see a lot of cool stuff that people made at Hack Day. So that's all I got. That's the website. Woo!\n\n=== IMG 7861 ===\nI don't know why it was brought to show this off, but then it's cool. It is a off-eat-track motion capture system paired with a Quest III so that you can fight your friend in a mocap suit with a lightsaber. And the other friend has one person in the mocap suit, one person with the headset on. So this is Hazel and I batting it out. This is a while ago, but there is a new version of it that was exhibited at this conference. I went to do it at the end of the day.\n\n=== IMG 7862 ===\nSo as many of you have probably seen the back corner, there's an industrial robot arm at Hack Night tonight This is my robot arm. I got it off eBay from a used industrial surplus in Florida Right now we've just been working on cleaning it Right now we're working on our I'm working on cleaning it jacks and the Michael and Julian to Soon the robot will be ready to run. I'm waiting on some parts for it computer Last night I did the first power on test Julian if you'd like to show the video play with the sound off Oh So you will see something funny happen here. That was a spark. I was stupid I plugged in the thermistor wires for the transformer into 240 volts AC I need to order a new board which I did so that'll be here soon until that this robot arm shall stay static like this Oh Anyways, that's the demo\n\n=== IMG 7863 ===\nOkay, I've been working on the interpreter for the Rubik's Cube computer. So this is a test case. So what this is doing is parsing a definition of a puzzle. This is not the Rubik's Cube group, but it's used to define it. And then... And then in some... Taking these... It's taking these algorithms on the... not Rubik's Cube group, and then determining which algorithms conflict with each other. Or which cycles in the algorithm conflict with each other. So these share six. So these cycles can't be used to separate out these two algorithms. That probably doesn't make any sense, but whatever. This was a lot of work. So...\n\n=== IMG 7864 ===\nSo some people wanted an update on Apple Intelligence. I managed to fix this boot on someone, but this is their work on an iPhone 12's in New World. Basically, some of the phone sheets for late to the iPad chips were the bought iPhone 12's. I was able to install a model. I did that in misplaced, but it doesn't work. I don't know if you're confused. This is a phone that I have in my personal account. Local, serious, intelligence, I can do like, energy. You have to use traffic to keep the energy in your hands. So I was able to take something right back. Usually, when we got to pay the bills, we had to pay the bills. And I used to get a phone from the cabinet. And then I walked the iPad right now to make it cheese. I'll ask you a little bit about this. Is this the central part of the phone? Yeah. You can go to the iPad cheese. Woo!\n\n=== IMG 7865 ===\nHello, I'm Boris. I'm an ice cream. So far I've only made vanilla ice cream. This is the recipe that was used. It's really simple. It's literally four ingredients. I added an excessive amount of vanilla extract because I think that's always good. You can drink out pretty well. It's literally just whisk together the ingredients until the sugar is dissolved and turn it for like an hour until it's that good, faulty or whatever. And then serve. And in my case, I'm using an ice cream machine, which makes me nice and easy because I don't have to do any actual manual labor. But you don't actually need a nice cream machine. You can do it with two flip-flop bags and a bunch of ice. And I do mean a bunch of ice because you've got to keep it cold. Me, Artus and Edan ran to the nearest ice cream or the nearest ice machine and stole like 40 pounds of ice or something. Not really sure how much we just sat there for 10 minutes with the ice puff and it held down to keep dumping ice out into a pack. So far, as I mentioned, we've only got vanilla. I am planning on making cookies and cream, chocolate chip cookie dough and coffee ice cream. The coffee ice cream is currently going. It will be done in maybe about half an hour. So if you're still here in half an hour, you're going to coffee ice cream. An hour after that will be chocolate chip cookie dough and an hour after that will be cookie cream probably. So yeah.\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.13 ===\nCan someone record these for me? In Michael! This is my wallet. Did you record it for me? For how long? Checkpoints? For how long? Checkpoints. Shit. Okay. Help and be the hostage. I didn't agree the list. What? What? Okay. Can I zoom in now or is there a way? Is there a way to see that before me? Okay. Just do whatever. Yeah. Just go in the middle. This is my wallet. I'm being a hostage. Right. I have a wallet. Nice. This is my wallet. I can't do it. I'm the order. I have a wallet. I have a wallet. I have a wallet. I have a wallet. I have a wallet. I have a wallet. I have a wallet. I have a wallet. Alright. Isn't it? Yes, I don't want it. Okay, good. Yeah. What about the others? Hello? Hello? And hello. Hello? Hello? I have a wallet. Yes? Thank you. How are we doing? Hello? Hi, I'm ill. Thank you very much. It was a pleasure. Thank you. I'm sorry. This is not true. This is not true. What are you doing? What's this? I actually like actually firing at you for all the checkpoints. I don't know what I'm thinking. You're doing up there. That's not all. It's so weird. It's so weird. I know you get a chance to ask if you still have a chance to do this for all the checkpoints. You can now learn it. Hello Matthew. Are you going to do all of them? I don't know. I don't know how this works. Are you just giving me the phone? Tell me a record. Check. Clean the camera. Okay. I'm going to tell you where else is going. Okay. I'm going to tell you where else is going. Do not fucking read my message. Hi. Do not remember these. I'm going to do a lot of this. I actually have a thing to do in the volume check card. Oh, we're just going to get my info coming up. But he can just work out my computer. How do I know what she's doing? Okay. What she's doing? What is the partake? It's our in lecture. The time this is reporting. So last question. You submit. Partake. So it's. You have a lot of questions. You won't notice. But this is the actual partake URL. This is the one that he gives to students. It looks totally legit. And I can go ahead and log in with my actual credentials that he's given to us. And it does work. This is my control panel. You'll see the domain is definitely not the same one. The partake is running on. It is my website. But I can go ahead and enable partake. And you'll see that the real partake has now been fixed. I mean, the browser is adding other functionality. Right now we have a occasional upside down title. So there is a 10% chance that when you switch away from partake and then come back to it, that it will flip the title upside down. What is still in those? What is still in those? You just have to do something like this. So yeah. It will never flip while you're looking at it. The idea is that people probably won't notice, but it will happen. And then silly mode. It's a penalty hour to every response user. So hopefully if I get enough people using partake, we have their knowledge. It'll show a bunch of meows on the screen because it's all those shows the responses as they come. So yeah. I'll just point it out. So we have got the show. Can you guys give us a hand? No. Thank you. Do you know how many keep art in the wine? I need to know what I have in the service so I can check point. Because I want to hand it over a little bit early so I can get ready. I can take over when you want to get ready to scrap. Well, the question is when. Because I can just yell out to you. All right. I'm just not sure when. You think I've worked on reason why? I don't know. Fair enough. I don't know. I can only get employment percent fee for it. I can join a company in 30 p.a. And I think it's a different program. This is before I move out to the company. Because the keep running out. But what I do, I can hopefully encourage to do our\u7814 law work. We'll see how the data center gets back to us. So I have to ask you. I'll ask you in the comments. Hi there. I still do camera well frame to manages by hitting the spot in a bunch of times. Because I don't know. I ain't not. Yes. That's a little funny. Go to frame. Frame doesn't dot work. Frame doesn't dot work. It's a great website and it doesn't exist. How do you want to hold the camera? I'll hold the screen. Of course. Essentially the notification box. You can set a keyboard. Such as the Payment says any keyboard is going to be notification if you're in the site. Sorry. And so if you say, in the pre-hackers this word, it sends you notification. And you can set this for arbitrary keyboards. And a nice feature at least I think. Arbitrary perspective. Don't get any other ideas about trying to use up stories and tutorials. I have some text on that. Don't cry. But I've got that. I think it's pretty useful. And it's currently deployed and working on a server of several thousand people pretty actively. And it's already surpassed the functionality of the box and it's in another place. So I think it's a lot of pretty good stuff. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So here is the computer. We got a pretty good lab here. 40 CPUs, 133 CPUs a RAM, and 7000 bytes of storage. Downstairs, I have additional 2 servers, 48 cores as well, and a hundred and eight gigs of RAM per server. So I have more RAM, more CPU cores, and more storage. That's the way it's going to be built in the Midwest. Now you may wonder why I need this. What am I doing? Well, mostly my old models are in the cloud in my basement. So you can save on stack-reasy plus cost per server. There's also a lot of UI files. There's also a lot of UI files. So here you see some open-ear models that I'm using in the back-e4, but here you can have one. These model are actually posted on RTS 70KR per hour on my basement. So let's say I think I mentioned this before they both didn't know. The input is quite fast for an RTS card. This pretty good job. You haven't been recognized to the UI, which is business-wise. So this interface, let me test the code within the browser. The text sheet is so much quicker. You can go into the actual VM itself. It was the next property. The actual GPU was in the card. And you see the 7.4 gigs of G-Ray. I'm not going to have a pretty reliable large-nipish model of English. Now what else am I going to host? Well, I got a pretty good idea earlier, but I'm going to lose here. To host the database on my server. And to base all of it, I'm going to have my own kind of open-source Firebase interface. I interact with my other server. So if I want to host my own SAP Galkids, databases, just my application, real-time databases, I can now be on my server. Because we zero-time was the month to do all this work with insanely good computers. Thanks. You should pick. Literally, it's quite websites and domains for people. Okay, it's right here. Go ahead and pick. No joke. No joke. I have bought a domain-end website off of someone. You go right now, okay? Literally, give it to me for free. Didn't even ask for money. But for free. And again, I can't tell you anything. And then that would be too different for my client. How's my great business? This is business. I'm really interested in my client. I know what you're talking about. I think I know what you're talking about. I'm like, how do I know? All right, so just before we start breaking through our consumer break, I'm going to break my computer to break a record of all the Purdue hackers and hackers. And thanks to the URM agent, this is a great record. Which means that you go to the first website. This is me. And then hit the next button. And then go to the next button. And then go to the next button. And then go to the next button. And these are all Purdue hackers, by the way. And then go to next button. And then hit the next button. And then hit the next button. And then hit the next button. And then hit the next button. And then hit the next button. We're going to go to drones in computer problems. And then close the publishing? And then hit the next button. And then you get back family petitioning. And you can go backwards if you're home. Go to orientation. That's what I have on my phone. Over here, right here. So if anyone here has a phone, please join the web ring. There's a ring channel in the Proofy High School. Just read the big messages there. And be more than happy. I need help you sign the website. Make my website. Make sure you sign the website. I have, I have three web rings. Yeah, I'm in the live stream. If you hit like, get your applied list and go to the next one of the things. Wait, it's... I mean what's that mean? It's like the juice. I'm exploring. I was like, that was the juice arrow. I see, yeah. There's the juice arrow. Where's the juice arrow? This juice arrow thing. Like I said, if you're a pre-hack remember, you're instantly invited to join the pre-hackers web ring. This is the channel in the Discord server. So, I just do a video for you to do a pre-hackers web ring. We have a lot of information for you to do. And we have you heard it. Yeah. Well, give too much of a talk. I mean, I definitely like to not be calling it anymore, but there's kind of that like that. So, if you don't want to be calling it the rest of the time, then I'll show you. Let's try and pull this like, I'm sorry I figured it out. I'm a watch theater. Is that a six? Six, yeah. I'm a floring in the batteries. I got graded again. I had a four before. I'll try to use it. And they got to a six. And they traded a list. Hello. How's it going? How do we call it? We don't have network live room scanning. So, as a whole, the headsets move around the room, they will stream each other's room scan data to each other. And we now have this working. And so, these are fact games. I am going to demonstrate this live key. Your head is not in the right space. I'm going to try and fix that. It will be really fast. I'll see. Do you see a menu in front of you saying that we're connecting? Yes. What is work? No, that's the main work. That's the main work. That's the main work. But that's what you need now. Do you doubt there's do all this? Ah. Matthew, how mad would you be? Matthew, how mad would you be on this group longer than you? I'm just kidding. I'm getting involved. Try your... Yeah. Okay. You can go over to the number like five. Yeah. Okay. It was a very high level. We got a beer for a while, aren't we? I just want to see this. Yeah. This is cool though. She was like... A lot of teller about it. Oh. Oh. Don't lose it. It's not that so funny. I'm like... Come on. No. Oh. No, because of the camera. Come on. No. Alright. I'm going to try hosting. You just did that. Are we taking the phone at one time? I'm going to try to walk by. And then tell. Come on. All of a sudden, like, why don't you just go? I'm going to be like this so it's talking. You know, like, I'm talking. Oh, you're here. I was like, oh. So why don't you just go? Okay. Okay. Oh. Oh. Okay. Go. I'm running the others down the room. And then we're going to try and hunt each other down. And just go with us. And look. As you walk away, it's my head straight and laughing down the hallway. So just go, like, run around, and start running around. I'm going to go try to compete. I'll be right back. Okay. I'm going to go try to compete. I'll be right back. Yeah. I'm going to be like this. Call! Yeah. Yeah. You know what? I'm just curious. I'm like, the next person you're trying to play. I'm going to go try to compete. I'll be right back. There. There. There. I'm going to go toactive. I'll be right back. There. There. I'm going to go toactive. Carol! Yeah! Yeah! I he thank you very much for the fact that I am recovered and as I was hearing you I definitely felt really good so a good insight. I don't want to take that many more time so we're just going to call it a draw actually. I don't want it like this. What's the line like? These are the last people who are in the line but I'm sure there will be some stragglers there for it. Yeah, they're in the line. What's up? I don't know what you're saying. I just want to tell you guys what's going on. It's like a... awesome. Awesome. It was a bunch of awesome moments. We have a video for these. We said to come back and find you. That's what I said. I was going to leave it 11th. What about my friends, can you please stay for a while? I'm just thinking about something. I mean, I can't. And we're going to do that. So, what are you going to actually consider getting involved in this? And actually making something out of your career. So we plan on letting people know where you're talking to. I'm not saying you're just getting involved. You can't go. You can't do anything. I can't do anything. I can't do anything. You can't do anything. You can't do anything. You can't do anything. You can't do anything. You can't do anything. You can't do anything. You can't do anything. You can't do anything. You can't do anything. You can't do anything. You'll cut down on the new thing. You have to no longer\u3063\u3061\u3083. You'll curve it through, you'll cut it through, you won't. You have to see something. We did. We'll take away restage filter here. We'll take. If anyone can create their own states and then activelycokeyipples two state bases. We can go as multiple. It's an opportunity, shout out to Volta, by the way. Thank you very much. Who's up next? Here, up next. Who's up next. That was Twitter. Who's up next. Who's up next. Who's up next. Who's up next. Who's up next. Let's go, Emily. Ah, thank you. Ah, thank you. Hold on. I'm sorry. Okay, I have a video call now. So, I'm trying to real myself back at least on my desk. However, I've been engineering. I have applications. Don't run on my desk. Now you might be like, oh, Volta, or why? Try those. They don't work. I have spent hours trying to get them to work. So instead, I'm doing the new clear. 8.8 Windows Server 2025. So, I have Windows Server running in a Hyper-V instance on the machines, on my... When I get set up, it would actually be running in a PASA. But I don't get an access to Windows in a Scon for right now. But Windows Server running in Hyper-V running something called promoted. Road app is a silly little application, a silly little extension to the Arning P Protocol, which allows you to stream individual app links. So now, from my theoretical Linux machine, which is actually running in WSApple, I can go run a command, I have a password, and in a second, I'll have Autodesk inventor running on Linux. But it's actually Windows in a trench mode. So, because it's full screened inside of this container, I can actually manage it in my workspace like it's a normal window, pretty much interact with it. I also, of course, if it comes on a Windows file system, I might be like, oh, how would you want to ask this for a plus? Well, I go up. Please, please. Oh, here we go. I also send it up to put my home drive as a network share. So I can just access all of my files on my root directory from Windows Server. It's actually not insecure. It's all done over SSL. Yeah. What happens when you drag the window and the window within the window? It actually works. I'll show you what happens. Oh, actually, yeah, you're right, my man. Yeah, no, it actually, if I can give it the action to minimize, it actually does work. So, because this is actually just a full instance of the Windows channel, it is still acting like there's a whole window instance here. But if I just keep this minimize or maximize, nobody will ever know. This? I don't want to try. Oh, oh, it just goes down here. It takes a second and then... And then... RDP is supposed to take you out of me. But I guess it's just easy with this. Are you in the void? But you can just pause it. Yeah. Oh, shoot. Can you take on the rest, please? Okay. Oh, he laughed to give you groceries. Oh, okay. I didn't know you wanted to leave him. Oh, they're mistailing this show. And Nintendo says I'm your later than a little. Yeah. What about it? They're shooting because of music. Copyrighted content, that was happening. Pirated content. Nintendo admitted that... Oh, animation. And then we had a game in Emasch, which was featured on Burs. All the time, some improvements to the Emasch last time. So it would be more interesting. Let me just start with that. A little more. Yeah. Give me a second. Okay, wonderful. Emasch decided to break right about now. Honestly, I find this thing because it's a... Oh, okay, it was the stealing in any slow. And we find out... Oh, wonderful. To this game, what you're seeing is another famous internet video being streamed over the custom video board. And there's this little protocol which is the main human packet loss. And there's a lot of packet loss happening here, which you're seeing in there. There are two second. They take quality discordance, which is why you're seeing this weird plotiness. And the other is the constant reshaping part of those other packet loss from the thing. I start mashing in order to motivate the computer to better and you can see all the things. So I'm going to start mashing in order. I'm going to start mashing in order and you're seeing this like the better quality. If mashing in order, maybe mash harder and harder and harder, you can see almost like... Almost crystal clear, crystal quality. All the computers are mashing a lot of people as long as you have. And once you let it go, the quality is a target of the way. That's the best part. What's the best part? It doesn't jump on the wall. Is he though? Yeah. It's a dash. It's a dash. A dash? It has to get walled down. Where's the walled down coming from? I don't want to get the bucket last year. What did he do? Where is the walled down coming from? Just enough to give it to him. Wonderful. It happened. That's pretty much it. I was taking easy difficulty right now. Because I'm not going to die. Very good. Very good. We've been working on it for a long time. It's not at birth. I love this fortnight. I think this is an innocent image. Because what we have there is what we call the suspiciously obvious. It goes on to the end of the next. It's all from the part of the species that we keep able to do. And so what we hide is the webcam streaming this fortnight. This is right now the same incident in the video. But first it was the webcam streaming on the 37th day. You can see this fortnight. It's probably not very close because I have many happy hackitals going on right now. Not a match. But... No, that's high production. But yeah, this was just going on at the match. Yeah, that was an incredible achievement. Applause. Thanks. Mmm. You want to take over for me? This is over and blood in my hand. Thank you. So this is a project that worked on over the winter break. Which is a language that I came up with. And it's based. It's a hand-wisking language. And it has no written or spoken quickly. That's the name of the language in language itself. And it means language is always there for us in life and death. Holy shit. I'm going to get too much into all of that. But I'm sure it's playing a very good song. Basically it's just the basis that you have in this thing. It's when you have your hands together, you have your face in the feet. And then you put your list on your thumb and you float into this space. And it takes quite a bit of practice even to reach about like three hours because you had a good recording for a long sentence. Can I do it? Yes. On command. I will try. I'm going to try it. Thank you. Oh! And the line demonstrates that when you have your hands closed is the base register. And as you open up the space at the back over there, you can create higher sounds. You can see here. So there's four tones in this language. And the entire language is based on these four tones. You have four pure tones, which is just the sound. You have a slide, which goes from one tone to the other. And then you have three tones, which is the same tone that's done repeatedly. And so that's how I've been noticed in those words, so that's pointer, or in a smooth way. And for the lowest to sound. And then you have three tones, which are picked in this thing. And here's quite a bit on the ground for that. I'm just sure that you know. So normally nouns are nouns from the form of a tone of live, and they're the same. And you root nouns based on whether the object is living dead or neither living, neither dead. And the neither living, either that comes from the lore of this fancy world, where the speakers of this language share their souls with creatures that have come back on the ground. So they're half living and half dead. And another fun feature is that every time you stay over, you need to stay with how much certainty you have. So if you say that you saw something, you have to add how certain you were to go from this. If you went, how certain you were that you went. And yeah, that's a big, fun question. We still have a lot of time. I have all pulled loose after. Oh shit. All right. So these are some of the things that I worked on over the break. Thank you to Matthew for letting me present this very important point. First, I redesigned my entire website using Astro. Thanks to Ray and Jack for the recommendation. As you can see, this is the main planning that you'll be able to do once you get to my website. And I'm perfectly proud of the last product last effect that you can type in. It looks better in ICO. You can see that the background photo I've bleeds through the cards. I also like the transports. So if you hover over, it kind of snaps at the place. And the blog, this part of August, as I had said, I'm going to answer over about 68 blog posts. These are blog posts from my blog site. One fact is I actually record blog posts once in English and once in gradients. So that's when I have this grandstake, 100, I have this day, move over, 136 blog posts. It's simple out, but it's not now. One thing, one more thing is that there are decent sessions. So I just found out in Firefox, it was in support of the accreditions. Yeah, it was. But yes, if you were on from the problem, you'd probably see the accreditions. Here's just an old page. Okay. So while I'm ready to this U of Site, I'll just put the back in what you guys did. Anyone speak for it? One person. So all of my greatest things for us is this view of book days. On Asperger, I found a blog where if you try and render index.whatever. So that's the day on the blog. I have this RSS date, which is called RSS date or one thing. But this RSS date was virtually index size and it wouldn't render on Asperger. It was pretty good. So I missed it and I sent it in a full reply. As you can see from this purple color, you have a version. It's two weeks ago. I just worked up on PassPros. At least. Over here. Thank you. So this is Abba. And there's a link for any one of you to pass. It has really, really kind of like. One last thing before I sent off, a website has the Easter egg. If you find it please email me or post it on this one. I will be very appreciative. Thank you. Applause. Wow. And it's actually a little bit of a book. So, I am a great, I was going to be productive and broad. And you were able to stop. I was, oh my energy. Yeah. So I just wrote what the point is and I used to have a day, day whatever I feel like. I've been learning Spanish a lot. Pretty big recently every day. I do a lot of it. Today I wrote a poem because I've been teaching myself. It's just a very short poem. I will say this has been the longest checkpoint ever gone on. That is the point. So, I will say this has been the longest checkpoint ever gone on. That is the end of the point. So, this is really awesome. And people are saying it's not working. This is the biggest effort. Okay. I'm like, ask less and for two. I've been building my own CPU. I'm going to be able to do this. Okay. I've been building my own CPU. This is sort of what the design looks like so far. Even on those yellow squares is an additional bit of capacity. So, here's what I'm using. This is a lot of fun. I just keep on pressing the button until everything works. So, it's still a work in progress. It's a lot of work in progress. I'm trying to figure out some choices. I still have the right of my code. But, for example, if you want to take a look at the RAM, it's flash and all units. This is what it is. And it's built up on a couple of smaller units. Like the bidirectional transceiver, which is pretty much the fourth entire CPU design. And also, as I was a quick experiment, I learned things. So, I can write them by code in this day. I can write my CPU. So, I can automatically define every instruction that I want to see you with this section here. This section here is all the instructions I've defined so far. So, I have to just go through those. I have just more used instructions. And I like having them harder. So, yeah. It doesn't really work right now. As I said, I think you probably already did. It'll run for a while. It'll load some memory in and the program counter. Eventually, it'll short out. Because I'm setting something up if I, and also if it loads in time. But yeah, so that's what I suppose to work on. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I would like to do some of these. I mean, this is easy, little small little origami. Oh my god. And if anyone wants it, you can have it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Is there anybody else that would like to present? Yes. I also would like to introduce this person. Amber is a new organizer for Purdue Hacker. She will be helping out designing. Tonight's guide is actually made by her. So, I'm going to help her out for real. Thank you. Thank you. Basically, I saw this short form video. I was like, someone putting everyone they know. And how they know them. And basically, the connection between people. So I just went around and I put everyone that I knew. And then the people that they knew. And then the end result was kind of sick. And then the end result was humanism. Wow. Thank you. Thank you. Is there anybody else that would like to present tonight? Okay. I had the cable. Where is the cable? Is there a cable? Okay. Okay. So, usually I present a lot of cables. It's a little bit different. Sort of. Some similarities. Okay. So, over this bridge we're ready. I kind of wanted to do some iOS app developing. I've never really gone to it. Yeah, if you've worked with Android, it's a special app. So, I wanted to make the reminder. It's app because I always forget to do things. So, I kind of thought that you need notifications to do it many times. And I built something super simple. It's like really nothing. So, I just already thought about it. Because computers basically have a lot of things. And then it's not against. So, the app launch of it's communication. It's a similar app. It's a logo of your app. It's a polar bear. I actually wanted to be a game. So, I kind of stole the logo from the game. And I put that there and I added a desk in the car. Okay. So, Google. Let's see what. Google and hopefully I should be able to type it here. I'm just running my phone as well. I don't really want to have the screen shut down. So, let's just really... Okay. A login? I'm... It's not a project this time. I'm on the screen for too long. Okay. It's time to name it. I'm kidding you. Okay. All right. So, right now it doesn't really do anything except, yeah. Show us basically everything in the Google account. There are the next couple days. So, it kind of pulls you through the calendar. And also the extended days were kind of show you the preferences, critical notifications. And the best part is that. What is coming to the event? The Apple send notifications to my phone. It's on the page. It is coming in hours. It's going to be a very pretty event. So, I want to add more to it. I kind of like work on more of my favorite app. I don't know. But, that's my status. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, anybody else that would like to present tonight? Okay. I'm going to do something that's a little unusual. I have a few checkpoints from Quinterburg. Wow. Okay. Why is that unusual? Because I never presented to checkpoints. You don't? I have a checkpoints. What's the first question? Oh. Wait, why did you do that? I made that. I did. I thought it was going to be a good one. So, it looks important. The first thing that I worked on was. I kind of didn't like comment. I was like, it was fine. I changed it like June and it was like not at the last thing we were going to say. So, I created version 7 on my website. It's currently the second on my new page. And it's a completely different style compared to how everything used to be in the past. I used to be a very minimalist person. But now it's completely different design as brutalist and takes up the entire space. And I describe he more as a person in how I've grown. I was just trying to make a lot of, um, private life, Eric and, uh, very little. He and I, he gave me on actually a make a block. So, I'm just trying to make a block. And that's the kind of my website. I also updated like all my work experience and everything. But that was my first shift over when it was ready. Um, another thing I did over when it was was you may have seen a new watch in this paper called Black Packer. Um, this point of the guy has been doing a lot of things you might have seen him. And I'm just a random AI craft. Um, but something I'm really proud of was the ability to create documentation just by saying every thing. Um, it'll create an issue on our every year repository. And it'll assign that to someone. So we never forget to drop in something or an idea that someone has. So he doesn't get lost. So something really, and in a similar vein, I also did a lot of documentation because, surprisingly, pretty high risk has been good at documenting. So now we have a ton of information about everything that we do, how to run and create new hackers. So if all the organizers disappears on day for whatever reason, you too can run for new hackers. Just what all of this public information that's available. That's been on the boring shift. Some of the more interesting things that I did were. Sorry. Sorry. Um, right. I need further text. Edit. Paraphrase some direct folks and removes some potentially identifiable info. My brother and his now wife got married three days ago. A very small destination ceremony under 15, keep it cold. I now feel I'm saying I extended our trip. Everyone in my home spent a couple of days exploring with Grand Canyon, a couple hours north of the way where he proposed. When I shared the news with my brother, now still, he responded with hostility saying that it looked like we were competing. I apologized quickly realizing that he was advocating for my style. I created a framework. This is a script that runs every day. And it's great to be most recent. It's great to run my part for a video and stitches it all together using a shift and open-air video to create more mic-ready models. It's great to have more mic-ready models because that's exactly what we all need. Good. Making a little better one day at a time. Four minute time tech. Quick time tech. Last thing I'm going to show off. I think you could keep it. I think it's a few weeks ago for whatever reason. I think that's stupid. Stop doing the week too. I think I do. Go insane. I created a genetic workflow that will conduct research on algorithms and be needed to solve any randoms, and I think that's the only way to solve any randoms, because it's possible to solve any randoms, because it's possible to solve any randoms, because it's possible to solve any randoms, because it's possible to solve any randoms, because it's possible to solve any randoms, because it's possible to solve any randoms, because it's possible to solve any randoms, because it's possible to solve any randoms, because it's possible to solve any randoms. That's the final step. Does anybody else have anything they want to present at point of tonight? Well, in that case, we have one more. We have one more. This is going to be a good one, though. This is going to be a good one, though. Hello. I'm the guy who made a nice creating. Currently, a person who put his cream ice cream on his end, and there should be none. Sometimes too. That's all. Thank you for giving us a hack. I'm for usual. Hack night will keep running until the last person leaves. We're going to be here all night. So, feel free to stick around. This is happening every Friday again. This is the last day. So, keep coming.\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.14 ===\nI'm recording. Thank you. I do. Yeah, but but I but I got I got something to do though as well. Okay cool. Yeah. I'll pass it on to someone. Okay. I'm just like a giant egg long. I can't break through that accident. And I'm putting it cool. That's it. And who's up next? You don't want to ask things to see? That I'm up next. Okay. Okay. And it's him. Whoa. Hello. Attention. You have my attention. There will be cake and cookies. Because of the 25th and it's my birthday. Thank you. Hello. I'm a short age. Are you going? No. Oh, is that it? Are we done? Are we done? Do you have a checkpoint? Oh, then we're done. All right. Happy birthday. Thank you. You got some recording checkpoints? Oh, we got a copyright. But I'm noticed for the last video from the last sack night. You know the Rick Ashley video? Oh, wow. That got a what we didn't get a striker anything. Oh, worry. Thank you. I am 25. I'm 25. It's confusing. I'm not going to say anything. People don't listen to sack points. People don't listen to sack points. People just do not listen to sack points. This is wacky. This is crazy. You guys don't actually listen. Thank you. I'm trying to use a computer phone method on a system. It's like an access to e-cology. One thing I'm going to do is I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. And a native question. And a native question. In Ghana, it's each part of it addresses all of ist \u041f\u0440\u0430\u0432ben. I'm going to work on a native question. In Ghana, it consists of each part of it aspects are the same parts share't the same parts, unions that share to each other. In Ghana, itcus politicians on this native language such as people that say the truth. That are just the same parts of the interchange. It's all is the same part that\u0e0a\u00e9perez is all of these parts. That's in India in England too. I'm also going to work on a native question. I'm going to work on a native question. a giant table of values, and then I use a program to address all of this information into the definition of a table. So for this view that is appropriate, the hot case, all three corners are the same. So that will be one of these two conditions. And then the hot case has only one difference. So that will be the condition. So I have to move this algorithm to greater than the solid territory. Yeah, that's what I have been working on. We need to get like a stand. Yeah, that's not the last week. I don't think that's not the last week. Yeah, I'm kidding. I got a thru video in the beginning of it. Maybe one turn of my stuff. I got the handkerchief, but in standard handwriting, they have the same finger line with it. That's the app that starts to work right at it. and all the best for you. So, so, so, we were going to talk about the title of the first title here. The opening of the title is the first title of the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. So, we're going to talk about the title. Was it a thing? Was it a thing? I do want to talk about the mis but it's a thing. Was it a thing? Was it a thing? Was it a thing? Yes. Was it a thing? Yes. Yes. Well, thank you guys for all the news I've got tonight and for your place at home. If you want to play, we're going to be here on different aspects of the media. So, in about half a night.\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.15 ===\nThank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. This is Wade. I'm a secretary. What's up? I'm not really presenting on this. I'm actually presenting as a presentation. That's why I'm here. This is going to be a very brief review of the presentation I'll be giving earlier. Okay. I'm going to keep on this. Here's one thing, too. I have a Chicago hours in the air chat. I'm glad I'm tired of it. It's really great. I've only had many problems with the hearing. I just want to let it walk out. I've had a lot of crazy things. That's my name. This game where you shoot your friends. It's like a good drop in. It's just so weird. And then later, this comes out. I make a whole bunch of changes. I'm not going to try to... It's a birthplace later. I'm not at all at this point. And then this is the first thing made that that happens. And then, I don't care about this. It's the worst version of the game. This is the next version of the later time game. This is the one that I submit for Avon, the Gazele. We don't care. I'm still so happy about it. And then I add, oh, it's like GX. And then I add Rubenskamp, which was my demo last week. Very cool. Why can't I change the voice? And then this is the first game that I actually formed from two half days ago. It was a lot of fun. I'm sure a lot of things in one second. But the most thing in the game already is where the function starts. It has uploads in YouTube. People are very neat about it. They're very hard to find the name. And some of the posts are on reddit. Oh. Oh. And I'm the worst thing in the game. I thought I'd go on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the start. It's making me a problem with it. I'm curious. The only worst thing I feel is this abuse for a social game. I don't know. I hate it. I don't know. And the deep state tolerance. Iage will end. Iage will end. Iage will end. Then you thyroid because you're\u6885r a deixa. Thatones gross Soft Terrorists will hit the \u0431 a and then we have a different path to the next. We only have a different path to the next. We only have a different path to the next. It works. It works. It really is. It really is. It is. Additionally, I've written 3 PRs. As soon as I use it, first I have the payrolls on the stage. It works for a while. And finally, we have a great deal of finishing up work. And now it's only a time to practice how work it is used as a tool. There are people who have been in that shirt to worry about. We've actually seen this from our network before. But I don't want to be shown that one is not the one I'm going to be. Thank you. APPLAUSE That better than I be the thumbnail for this one. It was the best thumbnail. I'm so happy it took it on the re-upload. I'm really happy because I'm not 80s movie. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. I'm really happy. You see a lot of people, I see a lot of people, And really people. We have very few people. We get to have M\u0435\u0440\u0436an immediately, but hopefully, so we can build predictions about we reduce inMatthew and we push to learn how to use it okay, and then we can have M\u0435\u0440\u0436an. We have no\u043b and and now your job is to analyze those positions. But before you can get started doing that, maybe you want to use concepts such as the conservation of energy. So maybe you want to use the fact that you know that energy is prepared to find like missing bunches of energy which will be maybe like a few particles. Is that correct? Yes, you can do it. All of us. Okay. So what you want to do is you want to figure out like which positions each of the particles came from. Right? So that's why I'm just talking and I'm just holding up. This is from the people in Switzerland. What I mean is you know this is like a thing that is good to make it work for many of us. It's not primary, it's not very much that you can crush it. So what that is is you take like all these particles that you get detected and then you like figure out like which positions they came from. Right? So it's a positive problem. And they use something called deterministic annealing to do that right now. But the problem is it will not scale along in the future. So in the future when you have bigger gliders, it will be very hard to do primary rate attack reconstruction. And it takes a long time. So what you want to do is it's an optimization problem. And so what you want to do is you want to maybe see if maybe if you use quantum computers you can get better primary rate attack reconstruction. But currently we don't have like big enough quantum computers to show that it's better than deterministic annealing. So we have to go one step further. Simulate the quantum computer on a classical computer. And check if that is better than the grid at the new. Right? So I've been working on something called a simulator annealer, which simulates a quantum computer on a classical computer so that we can beat a classical algorithm to the future. Right? So I'm at three minutes. I'm at three minutes. Okay. I will certainly run the annealer now. Okay. All right. So I'm running the annealer on a realistic problem set. Okay. So actually the problem, maybe the limitation of this message is that it takes a lot of leverage. But it does get a better result than the algorithm that we're going to use in Switzerland. So maybe that's a good thing. It is a visit. Okay. So it should start. Yeah. Okay. So we want energy to go down in the better solutions. So we'll probably get like negative very 700 or so. It should end up pretty. Yeah. So we can see it's like a better pretty good solution. I've just been sharing it like numbers like this for the last like three months. So you can see like this number, we want this number to get as big as possible and as close to one as possible. So right now I check 0.74. That's not bad. And the energy is pretty low as well. It looks good. And actually like in the background right now it's running on the old method they currently use at the agency. And then actually finishing like the next victim of the host box. Okay. This time. Okay. So we just let the worst end occurred. But sometimes it does that. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. So by one or one half of the audience, it is based on the organization. We refer to the audience. So what we have is we have it. So if you have your post-execency, rest of your hot life, you have real-time location. And you have cluster groups as well. So for example, if we pull up the code, it's very difficult to figure out. So one of our app calls is very cool. And it's on the list, you can see it generates what they can use for this. So right here, as you can see, it's very cool. And you can see it generates what they can use for this. So right here, as you can see, it's very cool. And you can see it generates what they can use for this. So right here, as you can see, it's very cool. And you can see it generates what they can use for this. Right here, as you can see, this image of Pisha is showing 4.5% sex. So I would say Pisha is pretty much right now. I don't know what you got six. It's pretty good. So if you guys want to try it out, we're doing this demo app for it. And then anyone that has Android, I would just be working on it through you now. Thank you. Anybody else has something to do on their phone? Hello, I have a really quick thing. I don't have anything to share tonight. So I want to use this time to make a promise that I will have. I would like to make a new personal update. My current best bet is from my 19. And I made it in like one, I don't have a fair corporate extension, but often I've wrote a lot of the CSS. And I would like to set that up one. And I have started when I haven't done anything. So at this time next week, I will have something to share for a new personal update. And I think I'm not promised any practice for you that next week. Okay. Okay, so for those who don't know, Peter, it is a thing that can turn a Rubik's Cube into a computer. So I've been... why is it not working? Yeah, fossil computers. Terrible. Ruse you computers for the win. Okay. So I've been working on like a sub system of Puddle geometry, which is a system where you can input like a shape and input out to like pat it up. And it will pass that shape into a twisty puppet. So I could input a cube and tell it to pat it up like this. And it would give me a Rubik's Cube. But I could also give it like a tetrahedron and cut it up in some weird way. And it will make it a twisty puzzle. So what I've done is these test cases pass. So what these test cases do is verifies that your tetrahedron that the polygon or polyhedron that you're inputting is actually bound. So like the spaces are in lines, the spaces are like huge, but one of the points is off the plane. Yeah, things like that. And I also implemented symmetry detector. So if I have Rubik's Cube, this Cube is the metric along a 90 degree term this way. So the reason that's important is that if it's going to trick along the 90 degree term this way, if I like only rotate part of the cube, say a base, then everything will line up if I rotate the base 90 degrees. So that's the first step in telling what moves are actually possible given the definition given. So I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. So I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. And we are working on a matrix. So I'm going to do one matrix and then I do two. So right here, I'm going to do one matrix and I'm going to do one matrix and I'm going to do the same. So I'm going to do one matrix and I'm going to do the same. So for example, I'm going to do the same. And I'm going to do the same. Oh! So I'm going to do the same. So I'm going to do the same. So I'm going to do the same. And I'm going to do the same. And I'm going to do the same. And I'm going to do the same. And I'm going to do the same. Yes! If you are, I call you in something that's green line or green. He may have to. He may have to. He may have to. You want to record. Okay. Okay. So the past couple of weeks have been working on a lazy citizen. If you don't know what that is, it's basically a term table. In my case, when I'm using it for my season, currently what I have is two different pieces of a base plate. And then the actual term table plate. The idea is that I'm going to put fairings or beads or something like that in these holes. And then that will interlock with this upper plate. And then I will be able to put my seasonings on top of this. And I'll save a bunch of space in my calendar. That's it. Oh yeah. Okay. Okay, we're going to have to run out. First off, we have to go back and do the packers. We have to put these pieces of shit. That's what we're going to do here. Alright, we have to put this in the bucket. This is what's asked. And if you're a cognitive, a fun workshop, you have a sensor in the 20 lines. Well, I call it that because it's a lot bigger. And I think this is one of the best. It would be a really nice, like a computer circle where everyone would get their chance to run out of the picture. And then there's a bunch of negative. The sentiment has a positive. So in this case, what do I got? I can prove bad words. I can count up. Every time a group of hackers shows up, I can run either crowd, I just sing for positive stuff. And that's always a great way. Deep sync, deep seek. But there's a lot of room for growth, right? Languages, emojis, binary, just off-stage words, same door first. Alright, there's a lot of things that have to be true to sensor stuff. So it could be a really great workshop idea. And I'm happy to hear if any of you guys have any suggestions. And also, if any of you have some bad words, you're like, you try. And so we're good friends that I have to add a list of bad words. Hang on. Anyone? No? Well, full of all of you. Okay. Anybody else be good tonight? Yeah. We're so happy. Okay. The HDMI cable is unplugged in. Alright. Everyone from Lewis, and I can be updating on my basically bank account micrulator. So last week, I started this project and basically it's a way for you to look at and pick all of your bank accounts. And best bank accounts, all of them are for us. So, I'm okay if you have like seven accounts and one of these are my. So, bankers who is right now, you just got access to the Vlad API. So, we can sync all the bank accounts together now. So, you've worked on the backend. We're hopefully getting connected to tonight. But I'm just going to show you guys some UI updates. So, previously, this was the design of the accounts. Now, I think we have a group of these graphs brought to you by Shastia. Nice. So, I'm going to bring some of you. I'm going to be a sample, right? So, let me have a look at that. And, um, we have a group of these. So, this is one of the first pieces for you. And, you know, the other one is the one that I have a group of. So, let me see those guys. So, that's the thing. So, let me see. Anybody else want to go up tonight? Go ahead one. Go ahead one. Okay. We do have a special way to run that track quite tonight. We do have a special way to run that track. We do have a special way to run that track quite tonight. One of our long city numbers, Hazel and Garib's, had been 30 times the year of the DJing app. And, the next thing we'll be showing out a little bit of overworked, is over time. I'm the cinematographer. I'm the cinematographer. I'm the cinematographer. I think you get the most thing you can see. 20 seconds of this app. That's a full thing. Let's go to the one for 10 minutes. If you want to do it for all 10 minutes. I'll do it for a decent amount. I want to get a little bit more than that. Okay, great. Yeah. You're called once we're done. I'm going to go to the store and leave right there. This is Turkish. Gotcha. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. I'm going to go to the store. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.16 ===\nWe're going to play a bad game. We're going to play a bad game. We're going to play a bad game. And if you did it every single day, during that point, you had a very special bad game. You're going to play a bad game. You did it. So when you put your hands up on the screen, you're more in the most favorite game. You're going to play a bad game. Or you can grab one after the next one. The game is going to be so exciting for anyone who wants another game. Like, tg. Woooogh! Final! We have three Certainly Real games. We have 4 different people who believe in our biggest good food should have one address. Oh Oh shit Is Oh Alright, now what they said were going to Docl. Centralonds for Flesh. At every single minute, and one finger guy said, you OK? Then Dio, what did he OK? You do a ladies turn and yeah, list of no plates. Okay, sure. All he and he headed up. I did see that. We just ran up here, if you guys have a question already, you're welcome to hear it claimant. But we did also have one more special message for people with every single day during coming over for us. And these head very dedicated to individuals who committed every single day. We do have a special guide for you, but that was running on Monday. 14 individuals, I lie, I get count. But we do have a very special guide for you, if you want 14 people. That will be coming on Monday, so you can come by next afternoon and grab one. But yeah. Now, I want to sit on the deck one. Excuse me. Excuse me. Oh, the bass. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey. I'm going to get back. I'm going back. Can you hold this for a second? No. All right. What? Hold on. I like that it doesn't work. He's going to hold back and get a ring. Which word? Oh, um. All right. So I've been working on my research paper. So I've been working on this thing called non-uniform sampling, which is like you have this spectrum and you want to see which points you can get rid of also being able to capture the information. So what this is, it's a synthetic spectrum, also known as made-up data. So what I wanted to do is to do the quality that my technique actually works. So it doesn't matter that you're using real data for this. So I have this safe spectrum. And what I'm doing is removing some of the points, adding noise and reconstructing it. And what I've been working on is installing a program called NMR-Page, which I'm going to use to be able to validate that I'm getting all that information that I want. So this is a checklist generated by NMR-Page piece of paper. So these are all of the keys. There are seven of them and there are seven entries in here. And in this thing, that's a lot more complicated and it'll be a lot more key. So now the next step is going to be doing this thing called receiver operator characteristic, which is a fancy word for code that someone else has written. So I'm trying to wire my code to a Python library. And you know, the hardest part of this is mixing the library. It's missing the library. That's where I'm at now. Oh, a little hurry ready? Okay, I'll go. Okay, so I'm currently in CS240. And if you know anything about that class, we have the code style standard. And that's been an absolute nightmare for me because I write formal code. So what I end up doing is, oh, please work. I ended up getting the link to work inside of it. It only works on a save. But if you, if we just believe this, and then I was going to do it. Okay. There we go. Yeah, it will show you all the winter stuff. It's, this is, I am using a L with the place, tight, and plug it. I have my Vimer C stand up to a jaker's behavior depending on what machine is running on. But this is just all the settings that you need for it. And it just does that for you. It's all great. I ended up writing a little blog post about it. If anyone is interested, it shows you everything you need to do from the very basics. So yeah. Woo! Woo! That's really good. Thank you. Thank you. Did you make a short game? Or did I make a short game? Like a short game? Yes, I made a short game. Why did you die? Oh, I was in the middle of the game. Where, where is he? Where is I? This is my best friend. Yes, hello. What? Yes, I knew that. I knew that. I was in the middle of the game. I was in the middle of the game. I was in the middle of the game. But yeah. I don't think you should do it for such a game. Sorry. I don't think you should do it for such a game. Oh. Yes, you're right. I do it for you. So for what happened this week? A Boston martyrs. And I noticed that this washe is for them. We're absolutely terrible. So I've been writing a program today to kind of organize the colors of the markers in a better way. And so that's kind of what I've been working on here. I mean, it's kind of like a user who is being organized by a flight and the value of the average. Not perfect. But looking at that. And also, I really couldn't do it. I mean, these art can. Come on. Like. And then also I did a drawing. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm going to be quick. People have been wanting to set up all-warded on Volket for the sake of the Bremenhackers organizers, because otherwise our security is and has been horrible of this malls. In fact, like short pass words that are kept in play text, and you're saying around this award. Very, very high security. Why? It exists. I'm fighting up for it. We will have that season's a security. I have other things that work on, but that's the most notable. Okay, bye. I'm going to be a little bit more. Wait, wait, wait, I got a record. All right, so I'm talking on the app called Lackin. This is an app where you take funny pictures from videos to your friends, and you can't do your friends Lackin. So, what they have worked is that you can have your close to your friends, have real-time vocation shirts, where you can keep your erroneous on the map, and you can have positive roots as well. So, in addition to that, one thing you can do is that it has bond-device bonus pictures. So, for example, you can take a picture of someone that has bond-device, you can figure out what kind of image that actually is. So, what I've been working on is actually damaging so people on Android can also use the app. Now, one thing when it comes to Android, it is absolutely terrible to get your app on Google Play Store. I have been arguing with Google Play Store for the past week, but finally, we got it to have a certain amount of testers, because you need around 14 to 20 testers for two weeks straight to edit across. So, we've been doing this past week, and we've been getting a bunch of professional videos, so through YouTube Shores, through TikTok, getting a total of 150,000 promotion of these, just to get this app on Android Play Store. Absolutely terrible. I've got 1.15K downloads on apps for Android. And finally, yesterday, we got access to Google Play Store. We need a client like us to get your Android. And, yeah, try not to have the hands on it, and let me do Android too. Thank you. Woo! Very cool. I think it's a good one. It's pretty good. It should be good. It should be good. Yeah. 824250. Yeah. I need to find my computer. Over, great. I am way too long wanting to have a growth. So, I decided to put in the professors, the CS professors, the veteran, the professor, and the staff in this band. This is your live channel. I'm probably going to ask for a truck. I can 3D scan him and actually bring him. So, yeah, this is 25k a month. And it takes 2.5 minutes to load the game now. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You go first. Yeah, it might be one of my events. If you want to make me move, I don't think it's right. I probably would be able to save my soul. I think it's a big, big, big hands out. I think it might be right. I think it might be right. Okay. Thank you. So, I think I'm holding Vlad. I'm losing third. We're having a Vlad, our losing captain, a personal finance, and we'll have. And we've been sort of struggling with some of the back end developments until last day actually. We now have Vlad 50 counts, not a production, but that's a pretty big issue. So, Vlad is like a super popular choice for banking. And we thought, why we just had it for our app. It's all with options, right? We finally got a non-production version of Vlad working. We got a rule for a graph sheet as well. It's for a lead scheme. It's sort of kind of excited as well. And now, like the right way you can see, it goes through, and it's going to change your handbrake. And I just thought, say things, it should load my counts with a new... This, certainly. It's a bit slow. It's talking to Vlad, and I don't, I guess, but now, I count 12 here. So, now I count, I count, I count, I count, I count, I count, I count... I love you. Did anyone in so long as shirt? I'm actually a fighting player, but I don't really know anything about stocks. I'm taking a stock class, like the investment class. So it's kind of teach me how to do investing, but now it is, I'm just an investing consultant. So because I don't know anything about Python, I just had AI do this. So this was like with CurseLayer or Webflow and all that. I have a blood like, just some other, my investment class. And it pulls data from the out of finance. And we're asked it, it's the S&B 500, which is like the collection of the 500, and it does algorithmally. And it actually outperforms as a B500. So if you invested in this last year, you would have made 28%. So... Yeah. On core. On core. I'm 5,000, here's our coin. Come on. Something about Stellarage. Okay, so... So me and a bunch of people in a particular Discord server, if you know you know, have been making a fan picture about ourselves. And it's on 69 pages. So far. Okay, this is like my favorite scene that I've written. So if you don't mind, I will read it to you. Confessions, that's up this long share by the water. Looking across at the trees in the static sun. He puts on light better by Higugos. I don't think I can put on music, whatever. Oh, I can't. Confessions is stairs across the lake. In trees in the distance, in the pale red sun that are reflected and warped on the replaying surface of the lake. The sun dances on the horizon through the atmospheric distortion. The wind blows across his face along with the delicate aroma of plant-like in the water. He then picks on the golf course he's on. The violent light rays never placed with carefully-tended graphs. He thinks of the buildings and roads behind him, constructed with no care in the world for beauty. Concepts and reaches towards the ground and fills the electric tingling of graphs ready to dissolve his skin. If he reaches any further down, he'll be a guaranteed trip to the hospital. The protective duties wearing our true feet of Purdue engineering, and it's a miracle that he can be on the golf course in the first place. Despite the beauty in the world in front of us, it could never be his home in tireless. All in the plain light that front of him desperately wants to kill him. The artificial world behind him could never be his home either, completely shut out from the almost unreal beauty of front of his eyes. At least in the artificial name, he has the name, concepted, all the buildings behind him despite their collective hugliness. How they dress it. The golf course he's staying on has the name, how they golf course. The road he walks along to get here has the name, Northwestern Avenue. In each of the houses behind him, their lives with family with their own names and stories. In the artificial world, everything is important. Everything has a name. All of the trees he sees is the distance, despite their styrofoam-like temptation, our name would be a massive entity with nothing but a collective name. So, I re-balk. Every tree and every plant is replaceable, destined to be forgotten by time. He remembers his time walking through the woods to meet the... the Lajro people. Seeing ash trees with their varks cert bear in these like patterns carved in the wood underneath. The patterns are caused by emerald ash borers, and they carve through the trees by them and flee. Backing the trees like horse until it dies. He knows that the Hecdolajou would do the same thing to him or anyone else with no hesitation. The sun finally sets over the trees in the horizon. Despite this year's environmental oppressions of artificial world, the most important thing is that he is constantly in running the Gildagio 50th Street. He at least has the self-determination to try and meet the difference. He must pledge his allegiance to the eagrafts' toucher. Thank you. The site? I would like to... I would like to... if a really big warm thank you to the one who contributed and helped out with the origami today. This is how far we've got. It's going in with a little forest and then about... ...the individual pieces that need to be installed over there. But the rest probably hundreds of more is the paper needed to be folded. But progress and progress kind of looks great. So yeah, thank you everybody. It's a completely different world. This thing can only be made to be made to be good. Do we have any more tack points in the sky? Don't be AI. Any more? Any more? We have one in the sky. Okay, everyone. Which thing are we going to use? Okay. Hello, everyone. So, if you guys cannot already know, I've been working on a custom-like, spoken language along with the writing system for us. We've been, me and Anand, we've been working on the actual language and vocabulary portion of it. We've also been working on a generator to generate the written sample, like, programmatic. So we're going to show off the very, very rudimentary nemoves. For Chenyue, I'm like an Indian soap opera. I'm like going to the suit. Currently there's not too much progress, but it's able to generate as we do. So I've got a function that generates that part using the 2D plug-in. Or the S-Pack per icon. And so when you run it, it's going to provide the input and use the smallest V-P. So, going forward, you'll get the fill. Do all the letters. You give it an input text and it will create the SVG format. You can embed it anywhere. So we're going to show you very quick demo of what's the language. Like, sounds like a language. Tango, zong su, Guizhou. So what's the whole way? Guizhou. So that is a sleep-week entirely future. Pretty practice is a way to sound like. Thank you all very much. Any video? Or any one? Going once. Going. Going to do the same. Going to do the same. Going to do the same. Going to do the same. Going to do the same. Going to do the same. Going to do the same. You may see my shift earlier yesterday. Or just mentions of it throughout where you hop. This is my special for the past month. And I work on this for every single spare hour of the class. This is every week. It is the entire documentation of everything about where you hop. Over the past year or so, I must be racing. All of our pack mates, out of their run, all of our pack-for-series, out of the prep for them. If you ever want to do a new save-revers, or in case, like, per-do hackers, and ship-series, and there's a case, this will be your number one resource. Re-series, right? Or you have a spare-use in the whole team. It took a lot of time and effort from the entire team to make this happen. And this is still ongoing process. It's public and open-source. If you ever wanted to know how it's to run per-do hackers, this is how you would do it. For example, out of run, the checkpoints are doing right now. You can find that documentation on the internet.\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.17 ===\nThank you. I want you to just want us back. I can read you a quick two. Um, X, you. Okay, the mid-overthrow art is to, if you committed everything, you got a number of ads on this very, just $40. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I did a contact with you already. Um, are you ready? What? Did you commit it every day? We have the bad men. Yes. What is your law? We have a really long time. So you may not believe that. You did just over that. We have to do this. Do not love the head of the top. We lost your bad news. We lost your bad news. We lost your bad news. Are you presenting? Are you presenting? How many people are presenting today? Two people? In the meantime. Yeah, I know we will. And that's the problem. Are you running out of storage? I don't know. One, one of our checkpoints was an hour long. Who was that the first one this year? No. I think the second one this semester, I think. The second one this semester was really. There was like third one on the first semester. I think the second one this semester, I think. There was like third one, I don't know. This, maybe. I was thinking I thought you said like one of the checkpoints. Oh, no. And then check one was an hour. I promised everyone I would have a new personal website today. I did not do the wrong that. So I'll have a personal website to share next week. In the meantime, I have a really cool non-technical shift. It's a new game or on the pretty average blog. So the first blog post in a couple of months, the last one was about the sign at the end of October. I started writing this in November. I actually shared it at checkpoints in really no number. And then I got super busy with first and abandoned it, and it actually, and it's about how awesome checkpoints is. So if you want to read about our twice and a brief history of hot night, especially as we really start our attention to do a sort of late, project checkpoints, watch many times, those sessions of hot night, you should check it out. It's been a while on it. And I think it's pretty good. So, I'm going to give you a round of applause. Woo! Hello, I'm Lawton. I'm an editor and I'm going to type out a project for about five years of business, and I'm on the sign topic. So, these are cons. The middle one is because I have an up-hated de-actual good. So, today I'm working on adding all the press, and I'm going to write a case of it for years, working well on the content. I'm about to be on the screen, but I'm going to write a case of it. Maybe I'll just use that to use it. I'm going to show you a lot of things. And six things I'm going to do, and I'm going to do it. Let's be proud of it. Woo! Applause! Applause! Applause! Yeah! Applause! Applause! Applause! Applause! Okay, so I've been working on my research project. So, what I've been doing is working on integrating my code with a bunch of other people's code to implement a metric called IROC, which helps you measure how good your schedule is, which I'm doing. So, the idea is this is a risk-eater operator for a person. It's a plot of fracture-peak-sicking fine versus a fraction of the peak thing you find that are actually supposed to be there, as a plot of different crash parts. So, that's what this plot is. And this is a really good plot showing it's getting really nice schedules. And that's what this schedule is. It's like a sequence of points that you've used to sample. So, this is like a bunch of dig-hangs, tiny soils, and, or tiny bubbles, this is expensive to take every example as a dig-hang of tiny soils. So, you're only taking these ones. So, if you reconstruct the data, this is your original data. You reconstruct it. You get this. So, a lot of the peaks are still there. A lot of the peaks are already seen. And there are some peak peaks. If I enable what I'm working on, then it generates a different schedule. And the R-O-S-E plot is actually worse. I'm not sure it's going to be on scare, especially because working with real thing at, my method is definitely better. But on the technical side, this has been a huge nightmare to implement. So, I had to use a tool called NMR pipe, which is like a collection of 60 binaries, it's 600, like, Palm Scrops, like, C-Show Scrops, and T-C-Oscrops, which I definitely met earlier. And I had to guess I'm running on NICS. And also, I have to use a library, and the library had a bug minute. I could dimitably click to the library, and pick it. Yes, but it works now. I'm going to give you a 10 second overview. 10,000 points over. Okay, so you're like getting out of use of magnets, and you can get a radio signal back. And it's like getting about, you get like a tiny toy, and it digs over time. So you get that as a radio signal. And for technical reasons, it's expensive to capture every single, like, every sample in that, but it digs tiny toys. So it's better to pick the B1s than giving the post information. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Next. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Toni. Thank you. Thank you.hyuk Gil Gef\u00fchl Obrigade Let's give it a go, Ruuffaffer. I think now I'm going to end the way I can pose. I really like what you're giving me. I'm going to go up a couple of weeks ago, we're here at the hot night and we didn't know how to present, and how it is. We made a website that you can prompt at TVT's, write an email for you. For example, you know, your lover in general, you know, he loves this guy. You want to write my love letter, but it's scary to talk with person. You don't know how to write a email, you have easy list, and I don't know how you can read it. I'm passionate. It's a beautiful email, that we want to read all of it. I hope this letter is not too afraid of spirit, because I want to take a moment to express how much you need to be. The very first moment we've been, I hope that today's the cheapest experience you've ever had. This smile lights up my world, and it's your last experience like music to my ears. Every moment, every moment, because I got nothing to say. We get the idea. But yeah, I don't forget. I'm so excited. I'm excited. Can you do it? Can you do it? I can't put it on my head. Yes, I can ask you to put on the raised hand. A rate would be allowed. How I can. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it.\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.18 ===\nSo yeah, I'm publishing a research paper. Hopefully only submitted in three weeks by cooking figures. So I made this and happening and this and happening. I recycled this from the figure I used before. And I'm converting this figure that I made before. So right now, this is a screenshot. Yeah, these are just screenshots for my terminals. So I'm making the background screen to a horizontal. And we're making the figure. So yes, that's all I have. I'm going to give you a hand. Who's there? Who's there? All right. I don't have the adapter and I'm pretty sure I lost my own. It's not really important. So I just spent the past few hours of my brightness and foreground that's meant to replace me. Just to be able to demonstrate how this works. Computer. And it's very simple. It's just reason from whisper. It was a true bunch of crap. And I think that just checks it with ER or anything that makes it work. The ER then just says that word. I am Arby Noor. So yeah, that's what I'm going to do. OK. Applause. Also, I'm in the product. Each day of any U.S.V.C. adapter is good. And I want us to talk to the problem. I'm talking to the problem. I'm not sure if this one works. I want the investor. It's the investor. It's the investor. Great. It's just the investor. Cool. Who here is the renewable web ring? Who is here that who here has heard that? Who you have? Who is the renewable ring? You'll join the renewable web ring first of all. Now, this is funny problem. We're air-saving, making it every way. You should join so better. So begrudgingly, I finally join. On a new domain is called RefuseTheR.id. Refuse the ring. It is a site I built purposely to never link myself to web rings. If you want to add into a web ring, you get added this page. OK. That's my joke. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So I've got three things to show tonight. One is not very visual. Four are part of the company I work for. I've been working to re-touch all their secrets. We use 8x3T. So all the secrets will be nice and printed as they should be. They'll defeat per host and be just regenerating on a bottle. That's a re-rope of websites. They'll be using a mate pot. So now I'll get some pot. The next slide generators are for people who care more. And I hope you like painful than I should. I'll actually try it and really repressions. And last thing is, I picked no one earlier today by rewriting this unearthly espual query you see here. Wow. It is espual query of all time. And this is the technical part of notification box. This is from the every message and is probably affected. That is all. It was a huge activation but the first two are a bit late before I got under release. It's a fact that I was producing, I mean I was late so inside here. What was the challenge? I wanted to count the tenies as my nervous system. Hello. How's it going? It's like I'm so sorry. Okay. Let's get a good squirming. So, I think I previously done the mapping equipment this week. Project head. Uh, I'm going to do a little bit of work. I'm going to do a little bit of work. So, I think I previously done the mapping equipment this week. Project head. Um, hopefully this runs. So, I've just been replaced with a product, a polyester, a gaming system. Um, pretty easily, not fast, but in public. So, I think that uses super-native way. It's also running super-flow. It's not easy to do a little bit of work right now. Oh, here we go. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I want to. Don't die on me. Just cry. Okay, hold on. Wait a minute. I don't know. This way is a lot of time. Don't have a lot of time. He's someone from all life. Bad news of dance. He's seeing you. Can't see you. Been waiting to see the mapping going from around. Very stupid. Wait a minute. Is this why I don't know. Okay, this is how we're working so much in a moment. I'm so sorry guys. I'm just out running this. It runs on in the headset. Okay, here it is running, uh, incidentally, this is what it's supposed to look like. So, it's a full, I don't know if you guys know what a truncated sign distance field is or anything. I didn't know what it was. This week, um, but it was much to put it to the end. I thought it would be, and I'm not coming into the weeds. The game also has ports. This, like, fun, like, laser gun look in the, uh, a peripheral that is, um, he gave these two up for great. I'm super thankful for them. Shout out to the striker VR.com. Um, I'm also proud to announce that I have my first eight online. And it keeps going. Okay, I'll work for some of these games like this. Are useless or different for virtual reality? Why? Playing crappy games with these reality is nothing compared to playing triple eight games in this castle. Why spend time in the research, creating something, giving you over reality? When you can bring something already incredible into reality? I'm just thankful. I said, to play with friends. This is not something you would understand, like, because anyway, that's only up there for me. I'm so sorry for the police and my son. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Okay. We made three more novel projects. I can, my EMIB, what I'm working on is a router, a scratch. It's pretty impressive, but not that yet, of course. But this game we got, a network of us, or transitions, or basically, whenever you have an infinite packet, you have a network of an infinite, and then you are trying to access something outside of it. So basically, the router needs to get in that, and kind of form a way to route it, and then route it, right? We run it in packets, and it's a certain effect stone. In the right packet, it's over the main gate. It's going to be here. So, this way here, we have the checksum's going good. This first work is re-ratein. First work is $5,000, $8,000, and it's $37,000. And the first work I can get rest is the high data for the router itself now. And they set our... ...and they set it up. ...and they set it up. ...and they set it up. So, I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. This is a contact with me in the morning of the week, because I work on this class. The doors were finished and I have two A.M. Lab convenes. So, I just wanted to come back and show it off to you guys at the checkpoints. And again, I want to open this right now. Use your free labor to help the law take the line door. I can't open it on my laptop. This is our class. I need to pay the $5,000. I need to pay the $5,000. Oh, here's your free labor. Oh, here's your free labor. I need to open this right now. I'll share something. Okay. I have a few things I would like to share. The first thing is that I did so low to passports ceremony tonight, and I was in fact the top of every month that I did that, because it was very hard. I think we made six passports tonight. I don't even know how to say it. I think we made six. Which is a lot. Normally, when we run passports ceremonies, we have like four people administering it, and today it was just me. So I would like to make the two people come right here, or who are who make passports tonight, and then also help with sewing and clothing. I really needed that. So thank you both. Okay. The second thing I'd like to share is, so, I'll throw it in the passports. So this is the passports issuing office. This is the State issuing office admin portal. This is Michael Davis in the spring and the fall. And this is how you add an passport made these ceremony. So when you go to make a new passport, and you have to like take the ceremony through this report, we create the ceremony here. And it was the case since like September, that when you created a ceremony, like you added ceremony, for example, if I wanted to create something at 10 PM, it would be created, and it would display correctly here, and then it would display as February 25th at 3 AM, it would display like in UTC. And so we would always opt to remember, to make the time for four or five hours less, like before, depending on whether or not it was the like savings time. And this was just like, obviously it's stupid. I was great, I was great, I was great, I was great, I was a little bit of nobody wanted to deal with. So I finally looked into it, and I fixed it. It turns out that Michael had done most of the hard work, and all that we knew was to find a place, UTC, to America, Sleshing, and Annapolis, and all of these, and how it works. So now we can make off-course ceremony times at the 90s, they actually happen instead of four or five hours in advance, because we're a stupid bump. Also one more thing, I don't have a personal website to share, I'll have one next week. I know this is the third week in a row that I said that, so my work is absolutely nothing now, but you have it anyway. Okay, there we go. All right, I have a bunch of things here. So this is the ball-trip that I'm providing for the last week. It's about the life of this, losing my whole service, hopelessly, I'm not sure that. The English track is almost like actually whole equals to eight. The reason it's not really that, is because I think it's been a three-in-person video. Hopefully, I actually won't have this one. I'm going to read for those homes on the day. It's kind of a thing, but I've worked on it today. It's a small patch to get two libraries for us. I noticed that they were inside the configuration file. They were using the computer URL, so it's a deep in-person. So it's no longer depend on the more important. Okay, and one last thing, this is a RISER-5, a full review of the image for the hash-go-as-on-ide display, and the key to the Mac. So this is not a direct-discipline of work as I have had said. Well, go after everyone else's assignments. It's because I'm not sure if the... Well, the initial code is probably going to be... Yeah, if you stick around, because I don't give a check course, you can probably see the boot-up. It's just a check course. But yeah, that's all I have. Hello, it's me again. The back of the error is you all on the one-line. I'm on the one-line. It's your one-line. You can see the background on the top right-hand side. And so, RISER-5 is just a bit of a little bit too long. RISER-5 is having a problem. Hello. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Good morning. Yeah. Good night. I'll let you know once and then just a little bit of an animal. I'm sorry. Got a little bit of a check online. Okay. So VRChat is a horrible game. I rebuild my entire VRChat, I regret this a bit. So, yeah, new things include new hair and new shading. So I edit proper, physically-based rendering pipelines to each of the shaders so you can now take a light. And at real time, the subsurface-addering, ambient-eclusion, agent-ridden lighting, and all sorts of other fun stuff. Well, only using a few hundred megabytes of your Iran. You guys all. You're welcome. Thank you. We have anyone else to ask you anything they've worked out in the last week? Yeah. All right, let's see if we can get rare footage. I'm not looking at this direction. Okay, hold on. I got a camera here. Okay, it's changing this direction. It's changing over here. So I'm going to look like here. I'm going to get a... Okay, you should show up here. Happy with your little dance. Let's see if it can teach you. You guys see anything? I can't even... I'll show you. Wait, your... Can't still just like wave your arms up and down. Like this? I don't know. I can't even look. I can't even look. We can see something. But I have no idea how to do it with this map. I can't see anything. Wait, we didn't get you. You can't move from... Okay, we're going to try one more time. I'm going to just look on the emotions. All right, so I'm going to re-center myself so that... This is now the center of the world. I don't even know if it is... I can work. I can work at... Okay, when it starts... It's at the SEDA. And it's at the scale of its hand. I'm going to see if we can get... Okay, so there should be a gap between the center and the knees to the whole zoom in. Oh, oh. Oh, that's a much... Okay. So if I turn this way... I just want you to see if... I think we should start. All right. Just move around the bonk. Okay, I see stuff moving. Is that you? Wait a minute. I have a little bunch of block tricks. Just a giant ball. Yeah. That's you. Bagley. Move your arms around a bit. I'll just look at more of you. No, shoot back to where you were. Oh, was it? Okay. I'm going to go down. Is that like recognizeably you? No, it's not recognizeably you can see it's moving. Okay, my feet just went far. So I think I'm so sorry guys. Thank you so much. I'm going to do a drill now. I understand. You can see it's moving. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again. Okay. I need to like... Like your senior. I need to like... Like your senior. I need to face your household that I just shared. I spent a really long time on this because I don't draw digitally. I don't draw backgrounds. I don't draw conversations. That's what this is. It's a different picture. I'm a thing. I don't have much to say. I don't really have any clear. But I think it was from... Maybe a group. Any questions about the previous? Thank you. Okay, do you have any more? Who wants to share something they work on in the last week? I don't know. You're over the moon. Okay, well that's it. Thanks for having us. Thank you very much for sharing. Before you know the drill, I'm going to leave so there is one hacknight for this little girl. Yeah? Happy Hack!\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.19 ===\nWake! Can someone hold a phone? Sumaho? Can someone hold a smartphone? I'm involved in two checkpoints. Who wants a hold a smartphone? Michael? No, you're not. Matthew, do you have your website? No. I have not made my website. That's my checkpoint. Do you want to record checkpoints then? No. Oh, I know. If anyone else wants to share something they work on the last week, come on up. As a reminder, this is checkpoints and there are two rules. Number one, you have two minutes. Number two, pass the piece of paper you worked on the last week. And keep those lines off. Who's that? I am both in line and not in line. Also, if anyone knows that it's in these lines off, let me know. I don't know. That's what's back there. Is that sweat? I'll leave that. Who are you doing there? This is my checkpoint. You want to see it on the first page. It takes too long to load. So I'm not sure if I should. Tree load or something. I'm going to do a checkpoint as well tonight. Sorry. I'll record it. You made it worse. We'll turn the back on. We also... Smow on the sky. That's the end. I'm going to do a little bit of the work. Yeah. Give me a little bit of the work. I'm going to do a little bit of the work. Let's see if you can help me. Just get going. Hello. Hello. It's day. I'm full hours ago. I think my little ground here, I'll find my here, I have a can of ground. I could right off the wall, open the bell tower. I think it's the Michael, who has a commercial ground presence. We were able to find the ground outside of the bell tower. I'm going to show the video. This is a FDV little ground. A little at the end of the ground. And I was flying around until it was very windy. So I was flying the day was super shady. But yeah. I was just flying around. There was a lot of smoke. I almost hit like a there. It's very shady. All the shaking is coming from the wind. So FDV drones, it's the type of drone flying where you fly all the stars here. After I've seen the camp, what the camera sees. And it's completely manual, so you can like do some flicks and stuff. But I was flying a state because I was extremely windy. And it's super loud. This one's actually pretty quiet. This is the same one that Aval was flying around inside the building. It's always flying around. It's a little too loud. Yes. And it sounds very, very funny. And then the next one, here's the second video. This one was a little bit. I was kind of following the starship. And I almost hit the flag of the starship. Because it was super windy. I was trying to follow the starship. I was just hit the flag. And I was going to do a third flight. But another nature decided to unleash your full power and destroy my goals. I was starting a side turn. I think so. I decided to put it on. But that's what passed the ball. Thank you. Applause. audience at the award. Next slide. I guess it's kind of like gross as well. The video's ending just saw\u5b8c. So, I'm going to go to the next one. This one's for Zippy or Racene. This is from the D-type rock. There's more stable. Here it is. Okay. Well, it's supposed to be stable. This one's the shot of us. I'm going to put it in the ground. It's the very obvious here. All right. Yeah, we can just go to the next one. We put a couple shots. This one was probably the most interesting one. It was used for the counter-interceptor of the pretty wall. Oh, there we go. Let's give it a moment. Let's see. Let's see. There's people coming. There's people coming. And... Is that the screen? No. Oh, there's people coming. Hello. This is for this round of that. There's people coming. There's people coming. There you go. There you go. It's really hard to make out these different lines. But... That's it. Oh, yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Nice job. Thank you. Thank you. What? What? What? What are you going to use this seat, Donald? Great. I'm sorry, but I'm sorry. Look, hi. Thank you. Thank you, Barbara. You have an answer. I know. So... I'm going to show you guys an application that I work on. It's called Mino. It's called Mino. We know it's sweet, but that's good. Mino is basically a way to watch live streaming videos. Much faster. A lot of us are usually 50 minutes long. We spend all the time watching stuff. We spend a lot of time watching TV. Half the time it takes like 10 years to upload. Most of the time, I spend a lot of time with the application. It's worth it. I'll post it in the VMS. It's going to take a bit of 30 seconds. But probably not just good to talk about this time. We use XJS to build the front-hand. And at your site, the video is being uploaded to the VMS. And see if you haven't had your best great high-stellar. And it has beautiful, semi-faceted, MRLs. Which is pretty good for me as a VMS. And then it runs through a patch of compression algorithms. And it also does a transcription for a full-time day. And then it runs on the 8-bit dedicated homestim. It goes through this transcript to see what parts it has to be prepared for. It's probably the 8-bit was passed already. So that's what it looks like for a 30 seconds. This one's kind of underwhelming. Because the video's like three minutes long. So it only upsured it that we could even one minute. And it looks a little bit better. So this corner here. This is like a stable lecture from the last year. The end is like 50 seconds long. 48 seconds. And then the curve. These eos actually shrunk down to 10 minutes. So it shrunk down the video by about 80%. And then I click on it. You basically will hear, oh, the audio. And you see, like, it looks super-skid. And it looks super-skid. And it looks super-skid. And like, you can go to this and I'm drinking steam. It's part of the importance of the closed down theory. And this part's not important. So it's a piece up here. So this one speeds up a lot in the straight gear. So that's how the video goes from 50 minutes to 10 minutes. And you can see that I was just wondering here. There's a few coins. And then there's the flash cards. So why is the pilot project important to the course? It's crucial that we'll be part of the final exam, and we'll part of understanding about the pilot's work. Yeah, so this is basically the app. You're able to upload things and get the video for faster. Everything you actually have in YouTube, so you're going to upload half a textbook there. And then that will look like an extra big short thing. So it could regularly make sure it's hard work. And I'll ask the lay-in group, anything you want to do. Do any of the video essays. So you can watch the page on the video, like 30 minutes and a few hours. Or you can check. Yeah. Hopefully that did not go as a side-by-side experiment. I'm pretty glad for you. And maybe you can use that. Thank you. I'll see. Hi. Hi. You hang in there. So why everybody needs an HDMI module for this? Or this plate part was better. This part. I'm just going to put it on. Dp2.1. Yeah, I believe. Right? Is that B? That is not? Pretty. So basically, for this week, I've been working on my... I've already had a work on it a year at this point. I've kind of been on and off this. Basically, it is a SAT soldier where you give it a... You do like basically a circuit that kind of takes in movie inputs and then gives you movie outputs. And basically finds inputs such that it gives you the appropriate outputs and the exact opposite. So recently, I tried to do an exhaustive search and that wasn't working too well. So I've just kind of pivoted to simply... Just like just a trade-up and then I'll run in a more optimized ADX2 inputting. So I've been... It is to kind of instructions in order to kind of just optimize it to be like pretty fast. And then from there, I decided I'm going to make a meta program in order to easily write circuits to test. So for example, here you can see a circuit where you have like two values. You have X and Y, X-word, there's all of that, Y again. And then the result is 1,000, 21. So what it does is it... Like, it doesn't stop with this. It can hide what's in, it's a C program that is down here that is a circuit that is trying to reverse. And I'm trying to satisfy my inputs for. And then from there, it outputs the first one value that is on. And so for example, you can see here that it is saying that the value E1 is given. And you can use it now that does actually turn out to be direct. So yeah. So, here's the result. So, here's the result. So, here's the result. So, here's the result. So, here's the result. So, here's the result. So, here's the result. So, here's the result. So, here's the result. So, here's the result. So, here's the result. So, here's the result. So, during a second round of ice cream, a second round of ice cream has been made. I'm thinking of a second. I'm thinking of a second. You look like we're making another graph right now. So, last semester, pretty much as opposed to the first gallery felt as part of that, I made an installation for a very artistic writing system. This semester, the USAI building once, some more of that is made. So, this is one of the minds I made. Hopefully, maybe, is so in the USAI next month. I have a monitor. I have a monitor. I'll be in the next week. Oh, yeah. I'll be in the next week. Applause. So, that's about that. So, the college of science wants to put some of the student projects from birth in the DSDI lobby. So, we're putting some vines in the USAI, has badges and passports and we're making a second sign. So, all of those are going to be in the USAI. And, everything except for the final being in the USAI on Monday. Woo! Woo! Applause. There you go. There you go. You want a dangerous over here? You want to hold it? There. No, you can take it. All right. You can hold it. Take it. So, when you're not, are you going to come for that line? No, Daniel, so, I wasn't really part of yours. I was just in the area. Did you record? I do have some video. Do you want me to go? No. Okay. I'm not going to shut up. Why are you doing this? The video is on my account. Oh, stop it and start my account. I'm going to be drawing. That's all I've been having. I'll give you the video. Amazing. For the texture of the gastron, my background. You can make sure they make you think it's good. I'll be back there. They run right around to train the AI and so on. How do you think you can put it on? I just think about how to prepare data sets for a UI. Do you write directly from a little bit? Sorry, I'm trying to make three things at once. To scan my time, I've had a lot of time. So, I just try to collect some information from that program on the texture of the AI and I just try to write the texture of the AI to do a four thing, so I just use the module. So, like for example, this is the one house one. And so, here, for example, it's actually I say the file to scan. The name of the background is the name. So, I think the scan name and the transfer. Oh, then. So, this is the file. There must bearning for the power supply s\u00e5 i i return it to however soon it stays in place, the main Condition store. They already have some\u05d5\u05ea here that has a reason. They start from the viz Chair of senator Yeah, that's because the way you look at the trip, the data I used in the past. So, you have a problem with the data. And I've started the idea of the problem and all the great things in this problem. And thank you. Thank you. One moment. All right. So, do you just follow the shift for this week? Well, first of all, I received the best email in my life with this week. So, this is the dot com. It would be quite funny to own visit dot com. It's a single word. And yeah, so I send this nice email to the content form, right? The companies gone to fun, they get no traffic, like surely. Surely they're just, they're not doing much to them, right? We would sell visit dot com for 20,000 dollars. I have yet to respond to this. I'm going to negotiate because 20,000 dollars is unreasonable for me. 200. So, it's being said. No, not that low. They would just go to apples. True. So, other thing I've done this week, my nests can be. I actually clean them up and make them semi-reasonable. So, you can see there's a whole bunch of piles now. I properly split different things into sort of subsystems. So, I can pick and choose for each system of what things I have. And of course, I made like a hardware specific configuration for each system that you can just use imports to pick and choose which subsystems, as well as a whole bunch of other stuff. But still having yet to use plates. Thank you. Thank you. So, Henry over there and I, for the past few months, I've been making human content. I'm working on a human-friendly group of computer. You guys just want to learn more about it. You can ask me, Henry over there. That's all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Great job. Thank you. Thank you. And, the question is, what's really important for you? The question is, what's really important for you? And then, the question is, what's really important for you? We've decided to make a handheld game console that runs on a Raspberry Pi Pi. It's being scraped from my phone over there because this fact, not portable in requires many cables to be plugged is. One for this play, one for the Pi, and then you kind of look around the back of it. If that's possible, can we try to move this so we can see the back a little bit? Yes. That's a nice issue. It's too small to fit the ISD in there that runs all the controller stuff. It also has this really fun thing, new way. I'm flunged all of the wires with these touch-up rods. It smells like it's going to have some fire. It's about to fall apart. But we did get it to mostly work. The goal of it was to have our V-neck software on there to like, shovel between different... Okay, I did just put V-word. We were like, in our way for getting that forward. And also the boy on the mic wasn't that stuff that our server kept crashing. So, this is where we ended up. It actually, it's just ended up during it. I actually found a bug in Dolphin that prevented a bird's sickle from staking on high-five. And so I will be eventually fioring that once I have five. So, that's, yeah, that's the problem with my project. That was crazy! \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83c\udc82 So, I'm not sure if I can put this word here, if I can put it in the form of a word, but what would you do if you could call it a five-row. And we have a thing called supercluster. Supercluster is a wonderfully large repository. On that, all of this is just secret, we'll end with that in a minute. But as a matter of fact, our repository of many different nodes, all of the trees, this is managing 90 centric computers, all of this with mix of us. I think that's pretty cool. What I work on recently and finish recently is how we handle secrets. Specifically, we use a mix of all of the H-nix-3-D. Which lets us specify the procedure, just in terms of, you know, files, and that even these nodes have a publicly, I run a single demand, which is what I want to do. We'll take a little bit, but go to the side. I don't need to read anything because I'm going to finish. Actually, I won't decide that. There's one thing that is going to happen, so hopefully it's important. But it doesn't have a big DC to perform it. Additionally, where I throw up, we'll actually see what they're called, generate them. I can't really understand. Hold it both. These secrets are actually generated from other secrets. For example, the firewalls secret is generated from both the firewalls open, as well as the part from the mastery, because these both goes around. So, assemble together into an argument file, just based on those secrets. So, we don't necessarily need to keep that secret around. Just based on other secrets. Well, it's a little bit like, the city generated secret from the secret. Yes. There will probably be a little bias. Okay. So, yes. We have it entirely generated secrets from the practice. Here, we'll just order the secret. We'll deliver them to both main media. I have one thing to keep you from working. It was able to create all the secrets and skip all the ones that are already created. So, also, those what these are generated, have them generated. And so, we wanted to show them for help, because they hate. For this node, the generate is all separate individualizer pattern. And that each node will have a separate group pattern. And we don't need to generate that for ourselves. We don't need to put it in manual. We don't need to put it in manual. We don't need to put it in manual. We don't need to put it in manual. We don't need to put it in manual. We don't need to put it in manual. We don't need to put it in manual. And of course, we don't need to use line-by-figure, because it needs to be going as secrets. So, I'm doing a pass-through pattern. So, I'm doing a pass-through pattern. And so, I can just look like I have a general pass-through pattern. And there is a pass-by, all that. So, pass-through pattern is not a machine. We still have access to the encrypted version password. But these machines, I was in the encrypted and password, the pass-through pattern. And so, we can have a general, for example, you know, let's say we got the message to you, we need to read the end. I have to say, page makes generates dash-add, and it will be re-generated all secrets from scratch. Which means, you know, if I hold a k, generate new passwords, bulluring, rushing back to the end. And so, all that, do it. That is all. Next up. That is a pin-of-peak. Well, you just check, that's a pin-of-peak. That's awesome. Hi. Thank you. This is for us, and it works with a lot of areas that are in the center. It's pretty much. What? It's a national, and it should pull up, I think. Sure you can ever use that. That's basically what it does. It's a little stucky because the fur is a good thing, but it's really good for everybody. It's still clear for Ryan's intro. That is neat, but I like that. And it does. Interesting. Oh. Oh no. Yes. For this one, yes. Well. I'm sorry. So, this one has very nice, very big thing about Japanese horror movies. And today, when my assignments were to the wrong, right? It's conversation. It's a long day, right? You know, we'll go. It was fun. I was like, hey, you have this or a product. Is this possible? So, I decided to do a little more realistic. And I called this horror in Japan. Yeah. It smells like stewed. It smells like stewed. Yeah. And so, they decided to record me. I'm interested in video, I girl, in Japanese. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Hi. What's up? I'm from home. So, I have this full bag. I'm going to go to the movies. Yes, please. What are you on? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Are you on the other side? I'm sure. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Are you on the other side? Yes. This is actually a time number two. I was the first one that I had actually gone to. Then, I think there's a communication error because I don't know. Anyway, it's beyond that. And it's like, I'll call the different story. And that's the same question. And that's also last week, which then it's so as. This week, I'll description to Arch. That's also very fair. Next up. Oh, did I get a manager? I don't know. I haven't seen anything. It doesn't look like it. You should come in. Would you like this one? I don't know. Arch project ends up getting best use of MongoDB. That's not important. It's not important. Yeah, Mongo, not great. That's possible. So, look at this. Great. So, this little brick is like seven years old. And they're early on to look at gender or something. But this is the original one. So, they gave me this thing. And tonight, I spent three hours on boxing with them. So, let's talk a little about the M5 stack brick. Basically, it's the M8-3-2 with a lot of Chinese garbage attached to it. Chinese garbage is not great. In fact, you just gave it only gave it. Didn't work. Problem too. The drivers. Windows 7. But, you know, back with compatibility. You got to love doing those, right? It's fine. That is the, I'm like, a million different iterations of examples. And they make like 20, 30 different products. That all do roughly the same thing. And they're all roughly just the 32s with Chinese garbage. So, I found the right set of examples about 30 minutes ago. And we can make sound. And that's about it. And I guess we can talk about our actual performance. Might be advisable. I like the definition of sound. It might reach. Get more and not tack. So, what do we build? We build a verbal journal. So, you capture your thoughts and you hear the macabre. So, essentially, it's a voice recorder. And it stores your voice notes. And then it automatically transcribes. And then it keeps you a little short of suffering. And then, like, what the fuck? So, it's just an extreme story. There's a landing page. It's just a reaction. It's just a reaction. It's just a reaction. You see it took that from people. Where's the actual... So, it's not for you after this? No, the actual app we do have that. That's for you after this. We have X-bow. Yeah, we're not running that from above. You have a block. It's just scroll. These are the images I could read. A landing page. A screenshot from the app. Another screenshot from the app. And as you see, it says, you're rude. It says, you're most repeated words. Which, break up saying it was meeting. Because apparently, we took a lot of meetings. How? I don't know. I don't know why the most common word was meeting. But we lied. We said it was the picture of a meeting. And then we said, the longest recording was 10 seconds. Yeah, that picture just didn't work. It didn't work. 10 seconds. But do you want something? So, the goal of the story, what I'm going to make is very visible. Just build something. And... It's a lot of work. Well, Fossifying Data. I actually won a competition, Fossifying Data. You say it into the story. That's a joke. Slash S, by the way. Not IRL. And that is all in the toilet shot. Oh. I'm very many. Where are you on? It's very different. You can't wait. All in all, and I have this. I'm kidding. It's all back away. So, this is an MLA. Can you, you want to hold this? I'm holding this. Hold on. I'm holding this. Hold on. It's not working. It's not working. I'm trying to. Here, here, here, here. I'm using our net. I'm using my net. I'm using my net. And I'm using my net. And here, here. And here, here. And this is a net. It's really cool. So, I have to run it right now. It's a job practice, and it was all my life. It's all my life. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. Of course I support continuous motion workers. They hold on to different types of facilities. They operate for more than one fixed one. I do work for more than one fixed one design. I do work for a three-fold sheet. It's important that whenever I do anything to work, I do stuff for a building, as soon as somebody nomination, it's going to be hard. It's important that whenever I do something, that happens so fast, it's important that everybody can get each party going on. And that would be all of the track points tonight.\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.20 ===\nI love their You want to come, right? Yeah. Oh, not here. Now, you don't have a website this week. You should be fine. I have a website. I have to be a committee. I have to be a committee. Oh. I have a website. Woo, let's go! I have an activity. I'm trying to survive this week. I'm going before. I have to start. I'm talking to you. Yeah. I did do something. I do have something. It's not really my phone. Oh. Oh. Oh. So the thing I'm going to share today is pretty small. But we're last couple of weeks. We have a few people who lost a sign up for a medical patient. And then it turned out that they had it. The website is still open. It's a very unclear. It's a matter of time. It's a matter of time. It's a matter of time. It's a matter of time. It's a matter of time. It's a matter of time. It's a matter of time. It's a matter of time. It's a matter of time. I'm not more than I wanted to do, but I did this whole procrastinating. I wanted a different presentation because I didn't want to do that. So I would rather do anything better than anything else going to do. So there's more that I think we should do. But for now, hopefully people will not get confused about other things. So that is what I have to share. And I'll have my website next week. I'll have my website next week. I'll have my website next week. I'll have my website next week. I'll have my website next week. Next up. Next up. Okay. I don't have anything like all groups that share right now. But what I've been working on is an optimization in the Twitter compiler, where if you, so you might know that any Rubik's Q position could be solved in 20 or fewer moves. So it applies to say like, add sticks to register A, add seven to register A, add two to register C. That's a sequence of three decisions. And if you're to do the moves for a D to those one after the other, then you might end up with the sequence that's the same like 50 moves. Maybe a lot of moves. So the point is that all of those moves can be reduced down to 20 or fewer moves. And you just go the optimal solution. So what I've been working on is integrating the people that are looking for the highlights to you that into the title. So it's mostly been like architectural changes and I'm like halfway through getting the code to work. And my plan is I will not leave until I get this working over. I like getting fired. Next up. Next up. Next up. Next up. Next up. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Next. Yeah, so I'm using more on a way that work for having four up exam breeding startled totalhai this is how we use them. If at least we'll explain how painful those're like, just by USDA. to do any day, but the main part that I've worked on is like that for my talent. It was the game we did in great, to all of us, it's just done. So, our product, of my planning, as well as this, is going to my applause for everything that was money in certain areas. So, right now, if you wanted to just hit either a ball finger or anything, like AI area, just like, you know, this and, you know, this, and, you know, some of the product that I'm going to do, I'm excited. What was I, so, did like, track the players again to do this? Yeah, so, today we'll be playing for like, the total supporters I think, and the participants I cast. So, most of the teams have to post, so, to go to top today, and not contract with the team. And so, I'll have to see this for the moment, and through the take that three, the story is the most easy to access space, and also takes like, every one of the stories that we're going to play for. So, it's a good moment, so, it's a good moment for me. So, yeah, if you could also order this place, because if you need to, you can get the top of this. You can touch it. Okay, yeah. I'm sure you can. And, that's not, that was good. That was good. That was good. So, the number of grandals I have in the end, that's basically, the UL, that's a grandal, because, like, really, you know, you can't really get the top of this. But, you know, you can't really get the top of this. You can't really get the top of this. You can't really get the top of this. That's the reason I'm here. I hope it's going to be an interesting moment. I'm really glad, I'm very excited. Thank you. Thank you. Hey. I'm going to look at the sound works on this. So, if you play T-Pi RPGs all the time before, there's a very good chance to be on this now, where they just allow these things, the virtual things will come with each other. And so, I'm excited to make a fun game with this. No, that's not really how it works. It's very fun, by the way. The ring is awful. I can hold it up to the play. I think the play is the item that one before it is now. It's two minutes. You can look at it. You can look at it. You can look at it. You can look at it. You can look at it. You can look at it. You can look at it. You can look at it. You can look at it. You can look at it. You can look at it. You can look at it. You can look at it. You can look at it. Ypres And you bought the ring? Aw Kruitz was right at the corner. Oh, noone was selling it. And a small tea shop\u00fcck, out of the bag. Here are two things, it's nice, you can put the ring, off the item in the place, So most people here are probably seeing this side over there. So renew hackers was invited to sort of take some of our projects from birth and move them as like an installation in DSDI. So as a part of that we're making another sign and as a part of that we're trying to make the sign not held a manufacturer. So over the past few weeks I spent a few hours of my life putting together this new version of the sign that is actually segmented and yeah isn't held a manufacturer. I don't have the third arm to hold this. You just think it's not going to happen. So you can see each block is split our into smaller 3D printed parts which actually fit on standard 150 by 150 millimeter 3D printed bed as opposed to the other blocks which required a 3D printer that was one of the biggest on campus to print. Also I spent some time going through and doing stress analysis on this to make sure it wouldn't fall apart. So part of that included of course doing stress analysis for births gravity and making sure that everything holds up and I'm trying to have them in the middle of it. Okay, there it is. It's the gravity rolling. So low. But yeah, going through actually doing stress analysis to make these work within these single digit mega pass dial range which if you don't have mechanical engineering you don't know what that means. Basically no, the least we want to do no evaporation, no like cheering on any of the parts because we're not putting that stress away. Now I also did a simulation of what would happen if, oh, this was not me. I did a simulation of what would happen if we were to sign at the point on Jupiter where the Galileo program has to stand, not destroy. So let me look at that environment. Is thinking each of these simulations, oh yeah, so this is about what would happen. As you can see the sign isn't very happy when you do that. And next push ship, great, here your fabrication x-ports are fucking you. Last push ship, I bought something funny. Industrial barcode scanning gun. I'm going to try to make a pony hostile truck meter so you can get it with the gun and other bunch right. And it'll like take a combo sound. Yeah. Okay, that's it. Next up. I want to, I want to do a chow one. You want to check something? Yeah. Hi. Hi. And I'm fine. Actually, this is like the work that I do with the show. I'm going to give you a fire. I'll give you a fire. It's my own piece. It's our, thank you. This is for the content for these little rest of the recent. But this is practical. This is mainly intended for C.E. students, but I also run in the courage. I'm going to give you a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit and then, that's two pipe face for a closer to what it did because I went through a radical thought info and I write this on this and I checked which font they used and I was like, I'll use that but I didn't want to extend any money. So, I'm telling you one, but this is in my account, this is in my account, this is in my account, which means I don't get any other punctuation in the period. So, if I do this, I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. Did I actually really art this? Did I actually really art this? Did I actually really art this? Did I actually really art this? I could not enter these characters when, let's try to regularize the elements. Those were not working last time at UC. So, don't allow them to work on it. Yes. Anyway, there's some of these. Here's the actual language for the game. Also a little bit more art, I retro. And there's some media help. And yeah, you should submit your projects if I plan with art for animation or whatever. And I'm going to edit three different lines of engineering, some fun way, because I get to look visual. But yeah, these, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be able to do this. I'm going to be able to do these, go through it and hopefully we can, and then we can also write it down. Thank you. I got a given crit checkpoint. I'm going to be able to do this. Oh! I'll be... Hackeries. So, I saw this in Reddit post. I'm going to buy... LTTStore.co.uk I think the game was nice to go to site. So, I decided to do a little thing. And I bought LTTStore.co.uk So, remember some friends. If I could not eatStore.co.uk, they just didn't read that. Why? I don't know. I believe it was like by virus. It's currently green. So, I don't care. I already picked three years. So, yeah. Beautiful. That is my checkpoint. And I will be applying more domains within the next week. It will be expanding the object, keep domains within two weeks, probably. I already spent over 100 dollars a year in domains. Yes, but I managed 13. I will probably spend 25 years in this way. Sure, it's a good investment. I will go broke. I have worked domains. It's a problem. You know what? Maybe I'll just continue buying more LTTStore.co.uk. I have a lot of new other things. And I don't actually think they can, because any someone in France can buy it. Or someone in Europe. Maybe two. I'll be right back. They probably have employees on the list. But I bought it. And they want to go all the way to the previous. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. Any room around? Lastly. On the list. Are you going to buy your things? Flying around. Flying around. Yeah. And this is me. And I ended it. Why not come with me? I don't know. I need to move on. I'm going to go to class. I'm going to do square space. I'm going to go to class. I'm not going to be the... I'm not going to be the... I'm not going to be the... I'm going to be the... I'm going to be the... I'm going to be the... I'm going to be the... I'm going to be the... I'm going to be the... I'm going to be the... ...- ...it's a country. Check them out. I'll take you home. I'll take you home. We can make you believe. We can make you believe. We can make you believe. We can make you believe. We can make you believe. We can make you believe. We can make you believe. We can make you believe. We can make you believe. We can make you believe. I'll take you home. We can make you believe. We can make you believe. I'll take you home. I'll take you home. I'll take you home. We can make you believe. I'll take you home. I'll take you home. I'll take you home. You're i. I'll take you home. No, no. Really sorry, I didn't answer. You're not okay. You can go and get a drink for the rapper. Yeah. A full neck. You can get straight there. Look at him, yeah. I'm just gonna take it on this It's up It's up It's up Come on now Come on in Oh yeah It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up It's up Yeah I'm coming I'm coming It's up there and I got it. This is your like, out of the gifts. You can just get it. It's like this one, I'll first have figured out a little more. What? It's just a button for a 5-inch like cost of a different thing. I just don't think you're gonna have to worry about it. They just play with the things you don't like. Don't worry. I'm gonna share it with you. It's all right. I can't.o of you I just asked for a good. Like all the spots for free at Asgons. It's been prevented today. So kind of I effort. People are welcome to guys. Welcome. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Any other checkpoint today? Okay. It's not getting on. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Greetings. Good Come Good, so. I'll it's just chef. And usually it was jeu time with sorts of SLR non bike. We can learn that we're in next year as well in use as promised training instead of normal piece and quick sit-ups, like normal people build with a system, like a training normal code. Oh, so hey, guys. So, the events that I'm doing with you are the research and the research that you're working about, so we're so back. That's my back, that's my point for today. Yeah, that's my shit. Yeah, that's my shit. Anyways, if that's all four or ten points tonight, we will wrap up, but I'm for usual, I can make a man for a man for a man. You're welcome to be happy. Six a.m. Six a.m. Every night. Every night.\n\n=== Checkpoints at Hack Lite 2025 ===\nI'm trying to make this like operating system theme. So we have like all these windows. They have my project, you know, from around my RE-ME. You can maximize it. It has like my stash and stuff. And then back here. Back here, this is like a fake terminal. I wanted to make this like really fun. So there's like hands up here. You can do like help, L-S, and then add it. Yeah, and then you can do that. And then for the... Well, when I was animating this, how did I get those e-frames? So I created an animator using 3JS. So basically like a viewport that's wonder. And then whenever like the camera goes to a position in rotation, then you can just tap your frame. It gets put in a console along with the JSON format. Like it's save those in like... In cursor, in like keyframes thing. And then just like... So... Thank you. Thank you. Next up? Why are you doing this? Why would you do that? 99.99% of the scientists agree that I think we should. Thank you. Thank you. Hey, I've got some... I've also got a few less polished graphical goodies to show this week. I've been working on this vertical life work. It's not nearly as polished as some of my other projects, but I still wanted to add a few visual goodies to it. This first thing is very janky, but it's a work in progress, a little fluid swinging thing when you move around this file with a little swing in response. It doesn't decay. What is very easy to do? So I'll walk you through it very quickly. I'm going to do another thing with a healthy hazel. I managed to not at all physically accurately wobble. Is hazel here hazel? What kind of glass is this again? Doors still exist? Okay. Which has a bluish tint to it, is used a lot of clad of liquid. I don't know if they use it on agger dishes, but maybe. So it has a bluish tint to it. This is taken with regular horizontal effects where the higher you will instant angle, the plus and the less there it becomes. If you compare, if I turn off this effects, say the shader like that, it doesn't really look as good. And if I go over here and try to turn it back on for a second, I think that was not better. Again, not physically accurate. I'm not going to plan this. It would shoot off. The liquid. Oh yeah. Oh. I thought it was planned to get a rating, that's not supposed to happen. Okay. Well, the way the liquid works is not that for a second. Trisk piracy is very annoying in computer graphics. I have to manually set the draw order of each of these elements. In fact, there's two different shaders who both be front and back side. There are two meshes actually. I move this guy out. I move this other guy out. They're almost the same shader, but one of them is using normals that go perfectly. And it's not a tube that stops at a certain level. The actual mesh is this whole tube here. I can turn on the wire for instance. Because it has normals that go perfectly up and it's drawn behind this guy, it looks like it's the top surface of a tube that is being hot for short work, whatever. But it's not. And I get this nice rating thing. It's not just a hard edge. Anyway, that's really the work of my thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Why hello there. Hello. I like your shirt. Thank you. I'm going to go over here and do my homework. Okay. So I've been, so earlier today, I've been working on my research project. So this is a terminal user interface that will allow people to generate schedules for their NMR spectators using my method. So first, you pick a base scheduler. So I'm using like a T-Y library for rest here. And then you select a waiting function. And then you select the bias level. And then it will plot out the waiting function. And it will ask if you like the waiting function. If you say no, it will like go back and ask you for another one. I'm going to say yes. And then I would like to add a modifier to this schedule. So I'm going to hold this card in the end. So I would like to guarantee eight samples at the beginning. And one sample at the end. And then I would like to add another modifier. My two more filter. And then I would like to add my PS.com share. So those are like the two things I've been working on for my research project, those two filters. And then I want to generate schedules. So and then here it will generate a schedule using, like those through all of these filters. And you get a minus schedule. And then I would log in on that all day until I got to you. And then I started talking to people. Yeah. Yes. I did this thing. What about you? Thank you. Thank you. Hello, Chris. Hello. Hello. Why aren't you recording right now? Yeah. Why aren't you doing a job? I was waiting for a door to ask. Michael? I'm in employment. These are robots. Go back to your factory. So the last week. And also a little bit separate. Okay. So I was not sure if the door is instead of arched as I said I would. Yeah. I did four different operating systems in the span of two weeks. Yeah, just to give this framework support. Give me a new Wi-Fi card. Anyways. So there's this ad that I was watching for on repeat for like an entire week. I was a Japanese train ad or JR. And then they took it down. I got quite sad. So I skyed with the internet and I found it again, including the sheet music for the song. And some sort of press release thing they made. I don't know. I didn't translate it. Also, a couple months ago I bought a fun domain print doesn't work. Thank you Hazel for recommending that I purchase this. And I didn't do anything with it. So I finally did something. And it does redirects to further support. Yeah, I'll just continue to find domains. Could you play the ad? Sure. Yeah, we'll see you guys over repeat. Oh, it's four minutes long. I don't want to play the entire thing. But I did get all you have to work on this year. It should work. It's muted. Yeah, wait, you need to switch to second one, right? Oh, I saw radio. It's on. And yes. There. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my god. She might be more. No. Okay, we're good. I think we did. She's getting it really good. She's getting it really good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I like the way that edit was done was really good. Yeah. Yeah. It was really cool. Yeah. It was really nice. Yeah. It's so awesome. You can play it all on the day. Yeah. I've had a lot of fun. I like it. Yeah. It was fun. Yeah. It was fun. It was fun. It was fun. It was awesome. Yeah. Order parts for my project that I'm trying to work on I'm trying to be able to track grammar path thoughts because you can track max What about grammar path thoughts? Well, I need to figure out a tracker that I can use to do that. I think I found one I will be making a website at some point Me too. All right. I mean I have one I want to write it in Remember me. He will not be touching Java spring. It should not see us. I might you just purge him out Yeah, that is that is what I have done there Who's next? I can go next after Yeah All right right there I ordered Integrating I spent hours trying to introduce that. So we're trying to solve this integral. And yet, I managed to solve it. So yeah, let's do that. Probably this is not very useful because I need to, in person, x plus our cosine of x, which is, has no solution in terms of standard mathematical function. So I don't know how useful this will be, but it's there just again. So, I know. And I just wanted to say this. APPLAUSE Can someone take this? Can someone take this? Oh, you can. All right. So, I think it's a really good solution. It's one of my two phrases. The other one is still a bit. Yeah, I'm going to show you one more next. Yeah, I'm going to follow this. I'm going to follow this. I'm going to follow this. I'm going to follow this. I'm going to follow this. You can type in. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I just like that. I don't know. I have not made a personal advice. I will have one in two weeks. I will have one in two weeks. I will have one in two weeks. I will have one in two weeks. I will have one in two weeks. I will have one in two weeks. I will have one in two weeks. I will have one in two weeks. But I do want to share something I did do this week, which took a while, and I'm giving this figure. I made a bad installation with the help of Ray and Sri Rha. Ray, actually, this was like kind of mostly Ray. This is on set. But I did a lot of work on it, too. which was our demo day in an art gallery. And one of the installations was the Hack Night Bad installation. And the warmest look at first was like a spiral shape of every badge I ever made. And then some people from the call of the cons, some cons people from the call of the science said, Dean Flaj, the other call of the science came to person. She really loved it. And she wants some of the pieces to be in the new DNA eye building. So we had a meeting with them. They decided that they wanted to put the badge installation after its fine script and the sign in the SDI. So all of those will soon be there. And I thought it wouldn't be too hard. I thought it'd be like, well, we already kind of put them together at first, so we can just put them together again and then just put them in the SDI at this time. But it turns out that is not the case for any of the installations, for badges, and for all of them, it's like a different reason. For badges, because we don't have more than one of every badge. In for bursts, we dug into the personal badge that I have at home. And I always saved one badge, and these are kind of stuff that we always have one for the archives. But sometimes we run out of badges that act right. So that one that I have is the only surviving hockey of a badge that we have to crawl over. And I didn't feel comfortable taking our only badge or some of the badges and then putting it in this building on the thing. And then basically, we would never be able to touch that badge again, really. The last one. So we needed to make a whole new thing. So this is a concept to be able to, so instead of a spiral of every badge we ever made, we just took all of the extra badges. These are badges that we have more than one of extras. So all these badges, if this were set on fire, we lost all the badges, it would be fine. I don't want that to happen. I don't want that to be on fire, just serve. Yeah, I don't want that to happen. If we did, lose these badges to be fine. And then the concept is kind of like an infinity, similar, like a whirl hole or something that is roughly colored, coordinated like rainbow from war to coal. So yeah, this is basically done. So this is going to be hanging in the SAIC here. And this took so long. So that's why I'm checking on you. Because it doesn't. Easy. We have this super glue. Every single one of those badges individually. And super glue is toxic. And it really takes so much time and it took many hours to put this together. So one installation down three to go. That's my trick. I hope you all are going to have a website to share in two weeks. Now you just don't make a website actually. We should just never make a website. Oh, I am. And one thing I was going to do is to make sure that it's sort of better work for me. I will. What? What's the technology work every time? Who's next? I could go. Go say it's all some kind of one last time. OK, I'll go next. I'll go next. I'll go next. Yeah. OK. I'll go next. I'll go next. I'll go next. I'll go next. I'll go next. I'll go next. I'll go next. I'll go next. I'll go next. I'll go next. So I decided to do a terrible thing. And I'm going to deeply regret this in, well, I'm already deeply regretting it. I'm writing a gameboy emulator in Cobal. Oh, I'm going to be here. And Cobal stops. I hate it. There's only two outcomes of this project. One, I spend a lot of time developing a very useless skill. And the other much worse option is I get good enough at Cobal that I start maintaining legacy systems for the rest of my life. Both of these are terrible outcomes. Great. You didn't enjoy it, though. No. Anyway, as it turns out, the new Cobal, which is the compiler of using for Cobal to run it, it just transpiles everything from Cobal to C and then compiles it. So I have this super cursed build system where I'm compiling C and Cobal together. However, there's a lot of things you can't do in Cobal. You can't return values. It throws warnings when you pass by values that are passing by a pointer. When it stores numbers, it stores each digit separately in a charroway. What? I'm not going to get into it, but it's a nightmare. It does build. If I run it, it does run. It's set, both right now. I don't know why. But writing all my tests and C, and then I have my other stuff in Cobal. All for looking language. If I just comment this out, I'm putting a star in this very specific one column. Save that. We are going, it should build. Oh, I'm making it. Yeah, it does work, I think. I have the memory state in this. It's, I'm not happy. Oh, yeah, also I have to make these dot h files. The way I decided, you can link it together, but it's an extra. And so I have just h files with this. It's, I tried to return something, and it said, return not implemented. Not implemented. Anyway, this is what I'm going to be doing. It's how I either die or finish it, whichever comes first. Great. I have the same space. We can talk about the pieces. Oh, you are on the new, you have to be told more. No, it's funny. Yeah. Can you do one more? You agree? Yeah. It's like, I can't do one. Can you do it like it's a problem? No. I'm going to get up after two seconds. I just want to set them up. Parts are the experts. I know, I want to start. I don't know this. I don't know. This is works. This is works. OK. You're new for all. Not in full-time. I'm not inside. So something I did very recently the other day. I probably was out at the hot. I had the work in progress files with it, sitting on my server for like two months. We never had it. You'll know that the fact that they don't have any dashboards and they don't have much use. I need to find a use for it. Because notably, what uses monitoring is the monitoring on the same server as the things that can come on. Check. That's my server. Because the network goes down. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. Next, I gave a lightning talk. Recreational receiver. I wouldn't play the entire thing in full, but it's seven half minutes. It's good. Yes. Thank you so much. It is, apparently it is fun enough that they let me go to one half minutes over. So. And finally, and as an introduction to what Hazel's doing, next, I am working on setting up HackPrap, which is wanting to be a Minecraft server for Purdue hackers, running over-spraying break, primarily featuring create and computer ground with approximately 1,000 by 1,000 world borders such that everybody is nice and close. And we have infrastructure and trains and robotic frogs putting packages on chains. Yes. It's not big. The goal is to have it up and have everybody join all at once on Sunday night. If for some reason you wish to join us in this endeavor, the pack will not be very large and we host that on the server. So it should not be very strenuous for you from computer unless you add shaders in which case the block. Yeah. There is a thread in the HackMite channel that called HackPrap predictably. Is that what's that 21.4? It is 1.21. That's the one. That's the version that most models around the grid are actually a little several in all. So fortunately, Moe Yang likes to make great changes to my releases. I have been such a big step. Yeah. And relevant to that, here's Hazel with. Well, you can explain. Oh. Oh. I gave a little. I mean, number one to have. You know what you're going to want. All right. Let's see what's going on. Yeah. Better several people hire a robot. Correct. Yeah. Mom is good. Hold on. I'm waiting just a second. I got a wait for the cycle. You know, the cycle. The cycle. There's a cycle. There's a schedule. There's a schedule. I'm trying to make it look like my favorite train. It gets and is to do a train. OK. Can I say? Now it's going to be really funny if this takes longer than the schedule. OK. So this is a prototype on a subway system. We're going to be building. It's fired heavily off the DC Metro. I've been working on some stuff. You can see parallel tracks. But also, you can see a row of computer monitors on the floor. Now, you might be wondering, why is there a row of computer monitors in the floor? In like 10 seconds, not when that train arrives. Oh, yeah. These nice little like Metro trains. I think they look good. How big that train. You build it a lot. And then you superglue it together. Great. You know? Yeah. Yeah. See, now when the train arrives, the computer down there detects the train is arriving. Well, and it has a fancy effect. It is not done. In fact, I wrote the networking logic for this about 30 seconds ago while standing in line. Um, but it works. So they'll be public infrastructure. Everyone will get a train station. They're chickens driving the train, completely mind-crafted servers. I have to ask, will the train also carry man? Maybe. Yeah. So this is the DC Metro. It's the Waffle. Where is my Waffle ceiling? So it's kind of hard to recreate in Minecraft. Could you like use hoppers and point them down somehow? Yes. I actually feel like an idea and I would explore it. You should do that on the server. Yeah, you should. On the server. You're like, oh, three grades. I don't have time. Feel the shoe. Point the way. Anyways, oh, second cycle. I'm sure. OK. Oh, yeah. APPLAUSE Anybody else? Any takers? Anybody has anything to share? All righty. All righty. All the way up tonight. After usual, hack late, keep on going. I still have last person these. However, I will add a comment. If you do have a transportation in the morning, I suggest getting some sleep. Otherwise, you might miss it. Do not be like me. That is all tonight. By transportation, the lower is happy. Don't be like me.\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.21 ===\nGood morning. \u041f\u0440\u0438\u0432\u0435\u0442 to you. So, things were hard to get done working on writing a new unit here for the scale to be 40 because the current one is very broken. So, the new one is written in rust with the base that automatically better and it's also way faster and prettier. So, the current unit here takes like, like that's a second absolute, I don't know, 300 line pile, which is pretty slow. 5, but it was a few milliseconds and I think the output is easy. Eventually, it'll have LSP reported as well as a thin industry algorithm. Next up. I saw over screen grey. I was just engineered Apple's wall paper system. I managed to get 80-a-wire paper for it. So, it's just a regular MP4 pile in CPU and it's used infinitely. And it also does not need battery for any of those. On my main iPad, it works fine. But also, we have the ability, we have the same abilities as Apple does with the wall paper. So, here's a really cool Mario Galaxy one. And even if you go to the home screen, the planet grows, it grows that. You can also put filters, loss. And here's a ballad for a theme that picks up later this long. We can also work with logs. So, here's a cool ocean wall that moves the top sound with the noise. And finally, we can also render graphics with metal on it. So, here's a pretty effective logo. It's 3D, it's 3DQ, render ground in the background and circles. Oh, and we can also control light and motion. So, we don't like to make the background in the background. And so, the main thing is, the wall paper is a wet state here, where you can download a bunch of wall paper made by this community. And you can also download wall paper from other devices. Like, here you can download the iPad wall paper on your phone. Please, yes. Next up, we'll come on and get this card. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. It's great. It's just work. Look at that. Anyway, so, I have a few things to shift to. I'm going to do the one at a time, so I'll see you guys in more time after this whole plate. So, first thing, you all have seen the sign over at the other side, right? G and C.I. wants that sign to show up. So, we're building another one. Except this time, instead of having bad sign decisions, it's made it work. This is my kitchen table at home where we're actually assembling the sign. It's about 63\u00b0C, as well as a multitude of laser cut parts. I think it's not like like 15\u00b0C. We don't have the laser cut parts yet because we're waiting for send cut send. But, the 3\u00b0C parts, as of a few hours ago, have fully finished, meaning I've printed, well, with an efficiency of printing all 60 parts, and about 30 hours, which, if you don't know anything about 3\u00b0C, that is very efficient. I stayed up till 5am, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday to come back to Vectal and swap 3\u00b0 prints. Thank you guys. And I see you guys. And we haven't the other things related to V.S.A. as well, but that's the later time. Can we show you? There's a long line. Okay, so recently, I've been working with Henry over there on a project that is turning a Rookers Cube into a computer. So, what that means is you can sort of compile a program and then physically execute it by turning the Rookers Cube to a back to the computation. And we have our high level programming language where you can write code and what compile to the Rookers Cube and then you can execute it. So, I check point is not that. It's building up to that. It's just a code I wrote to get that working. Over here, this is just a heuristic or algorithm called Internet deepening A-SAR, which is explaining where this is used to be complicated for the 60 seconds. So, I just wrote code and then over here, for cutting to get our Rookers Cube computer into an actual Rooker robot. So, what that means is you can write code and then a robot will turn a Rookers Cube for you and take pictures and then it will bring back to the terminal to the result of that program. And so, I just made, I was just preparing code to make the robot integration viable for how we implemented it. We've already figured out the theory of how it's going to work. We're confident it's just implementation that Henry and I are working on. That's very difficult. But we're getting this. So, I don't know if anything like actual like output to show. I don't think it's just a row of code, but just really ready for that. Next up. So, I have some more ESAI first project news. This is a ship that I did with Ray. So, there's been this email bread. So, a little bit of context. The all of the time people commissioned these first projects, like right after birth. So, like, I don't think you know as you're going to incorporate it. I can really deal with it. If someone down there gets a phone and the door please. So, I don't really do anything with it over with the rate. It's like, they emailed me like as I was boarding my flight to the East Campus over with the rate you'd remember. So, we got back to it like the day we got back to the bottom. And so, there's been a really long press since January going on with these people. Finally, Ray and I finished this past work installation. So, I have a picture here. I'll kind of like make it bigger if you can see it. So, this is the bad installation. I think I shared this two weeks ago when we finished it. So, we have to read and add in this bad installation. If you are at first, you remember it was just a spiral of every bad you ever made. But we couldn't do that for first because we could only use bad, that we add a bunch of extra. So, we have to read and add in it as this like infinity simple sort of thing. So, we did that for the bad installation. So, I'm shaking now with the passport installation. We've ran eight hours on yesterday putting together. This also regards a total re-enactment for the actual burst installation. We confiscated people's real passports and like, it's not very clear that this time we wanted to use dummy passports that we could superglue onto the board that we knew wouldn't be a problem. So, we made 20 passports. All of these are dummy passports that we made. It took forever for it to make 20 passports. It takes so long. And then we have to come with a totally different layout. And then I'd hear that. So, like, every one of these passports has every single gate down with double-sided tape. And then each one of these is superglue onto the board. And if that wasn't enough, we also built a demo passport. So, this is superglue, if you can't really see it. But this is an arrow that says half your phone. And then this is an passport that has a kind of sticker in it. I have a top-board zero on it. So, we built, I built a little website. What I've shown here is in what you will see, because people will see it like in mobile. Basically, this is a little router, a great building. So, this is like a router. So, imagine you're in GSA, and you walk up to this passport, you have your phone. I take you to this website. It's like a mobile app. And so, this explains what the IP sign is as passport in the IIS. And then it has a sign of passport button that will take you here. And then at the password number zero, you can actually go to the whole password. And we have to password again instead of taking the info gate, it's like completely offset. So, I did that this morning, or this afternoon. And I know I'm going in the halfway time. I have this second quick thing. This is super quick. The demo wasn't working. When you entered password zero, it didn't work. It was in a server configuration error. And so, I spent like two hours, a bunch of which was trying to get, remember how to type it? You run it locally again? Oh, it's going to go to the point. So, I ended up with six lines of code. And third out, password zero was like somewhere in the next, in the omni, I think it was like web of abstraction was creating, it was turning into a balky value. So now it's freeing as I could, but it doesn't do that. So now the demo is. That's all I got. Oh, I also, I don't think I can make my first noise. So, maybe I'll get a little bit of a seat. Next up. Okay, so basically, the company is a candidate. One is a hexagonal four issue. I'm not a person, it's not my job. I've been born to, actually, I can work with it. And it has a voice code. It's very cool. I like that. Almost. Yeah. Thank you. What's up? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. Next up. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. All right. A few weeks ago, I set up my own BitServer because I was on a board. So, I sometimes BitServer is part of my secret. It's like really minimal, very bare bones. I kind of like it because they're all like just annualized projects that I don't really use. I'm not very popular anymore. But then a problem with it. A really bad problem with it. It's like the AI bot's out on BitServer and they were angry. It was out of the box. It's taken it down. So I have to deploy some graphic hug images. So if my server detects that you are. I don't know, it's got to be. I'm working on it. That was just a test of the phone. What do you expect? Third AI generator swap. Really, really slow. I'm just going to track you in an infinite maze of endless AI swap until as you can tell. Over the past few hours I've heard one and a half gigabytes of lost administrators. And there's been hundreds upon thousands of visitors. It's just the past few hours. I've just been sending them all straight to hell. There's some AI with AI followers that don't even risk of Apple users. I hope you use this. I'll write down. But there have been about 20,000 AI creators that I've been API. And if one of them has paid my website more to 50,000, I think it's a very good way to also bring for local clients. That's a good way to provide free doctor access. I also badly like the addresses that are set up on the line that we're working on. I do know it pretty much for many clients that I've been addressing ever before. I'm very proud of that. I'm very proud of that. I think I found my website because they were getting through hard. That's kind of what I've been working on. Woo! So low! Thanks, huh? Thank you. Oh, I would chat. All right. August of, I think it's checked. Win, Win, Win, Win, and I'm really proud of that. I come up with a really janky way. Okay, actually, let me start earlier than that. Met a quest. I'm not talking with a quest. It's a mixed reality headset that doesn't let you grab camera frames for privacy reasons. So you can't do any computer vision stuff. I'm going to run around with that using a very janky way using this screen-pastural API. And it annoys Met up. Fast forward to a month ago, they have actually finally released an official way to get frames from the camera in your app. So now you can actually access the front cameras on the headstep. They also, it's mostly say, not to use my workaround, which is mentioned here, because it has a different thing, and they want you to use this thing, because my thing is really janky. They don't actually explicitly call me out, but they mention the thing that I'm using, basically don't use that thing. So they come out with some examples over here, which you can use. And so a really weird thing happens. These are the official samples, and these are unofficial samples. But they're reported in the same spot, like the same physical location, the same pass. And I know I'm just kind of like showing off there, but they give me a little shout out here. So people are now using this camera API to do a bunch of stuff. And one of the things that I'm really interested in is diffusion-marked and cracking. So a whole bunch of people have come out to do this, but they have some complaints about them, because, well, they can get the camera to be a candidate at the time stamp, when they got the frame of the camera to the image of the camera, which means, this is something late and same. They can directly position the track markers, because they don't have time stamp when I'm not going to try to explain it. The latency is positive issues, so the tags lie behind where they should be when you move your head around. So I have been working on a more exposed system, which, now I'm not doing any of the tags tracking myself for the library, but I am using the more painful way of getting the camera frame, so that you can actually get the time stamps of the images. So you can actually see, which means when my head moves around, the tags stay exactly fixed to where they should be for the most part. Why am I doing this? There is an laser tag tournament on Sunday at 5 p.m. in the Armory. You should come bring your friends to the people. I need a way with the calibrate and headsets to the same, you know, release space. Because headsets don't automatically know where the other headsets are, let's do it together. I need a way of outlining all the headsets at the same space. I have the background here. I have racing, you got this done, and it's on day. And that is everything from that now. Yeah, laser tag games can be really fun, so you should definitely come by. If I get a done, it'll be fun either way. All right, thanks. So this is a project that I started working on, maybe two weeks ago. The tail of the art is on a fine, a fine tailing. He likes to be waxed for savings and figures that he's eligible. So that's the best image I've had. But anyway, I'm trying to go to computer mouse. This is kind of a revisit of a project that I actually first started two and a half years ago and never finished like many of my projects. The tailing art is using a north side camera ship that I already talked about earlier to do both Bluetooth and also white by 2140 per Hertz for proprietary through like the USB toggle amp. It's also battery powered as the option for USB. I got this mask on, which is kind of contestive moment. And I'm working on a piece of these. And that's basically it. Next up. Yeah. Yeah. So, my attention to the internet. And we get that. Otherwise, we're all happy. So, for office, I worked up this week, obtaining our full repository. So, with the X3SRT, this is one of the core files. Actually, I'm actually, three repositories of the data set of the things. There are quite a few of the data sets that you have for repositories to attend at the time of events. So, if you are interested in the data set, then I'll just have to press this. Something that I think is important for you to create. So, I've been working on the version of the game. I've called it the first time. I've called it the first time. I can type this like, Chinese, Chinese, and Chinese. And it's a good thing to be able to talk about the game. That's because I thought you were talking about it. And I've opened this up. And I've tried to read it. I was back in the cell. I think there we go. So long, because in the two years, the game started. A lot of things. There is a very slow communication. Here. Anyway, right? Well, this is like a standard tool. If you want to be a game, then you can have a lot of different types of content. But the problem that I ran into is it supports really good content. It sends you a lot of scripts. It does not just vary on the specific needs of the game. It's very good. And I spoke to the maintainer box. They would respond for you. So that puts a lot of content. I thought you had a lot of content. I think that they don't need to be used to it. I think they actually don't have something called there. So, about a week or two ago, I submitted a passion to there. I didn't support for the trip by using a bandage cord from the company to help the bus work. And now, as you can see here, it says ready to submit your game. That means in a popular case, this chip recognition will be added to the platform, positionally. And it will now be exported to the next, but whatever it does is in a popular way. So, yeah, that's really exciting. It's very fun. Here are three examples. I'm trying to get the word to see the projector. All right, so, O3 grade. I set up a primary service for pretty much the most great. Oh, background. The future is three eights. Texts are taking a bit of time. So, if you see me in Mods and it's all about automation, so for example, here's my background. I go first, my horse. My horse extract of all of my stock. I can use it to ask for it. So, this is my great entrepreneur, okay. This is the ship. Last time, I'm shipping this to a room, but also I dropped it on the seller data track because it's jumping out like that. Yeah. Why is this nonsense? One of the things about the issue of the first set, two, I don't think it matters. So, I have an argument turtle. And the most of these turtles are running a program. This program is special. That program may focus on. This program is... I called the man. I want to say a lot of these turtles are still here. There's only a lot of them. Turtle, okay. Turn around. Turn around. What? That's a lot of them. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Four. Four. Now, we're at the end of the day. We're going to have to go through all of the turtle. And we should do it. But, you know, this is individually, but those two are individually, not very useful. What if I want to run a program? Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. And now, they mine. So, I... I didn't get any of this posted the checkpoint channel, leaving the building entire floor. Because they have so many turtles, like, what a task in order to do it, if they pass through. Soon, this will be useful to take out the metrics that the people will be building later. All through the turtle army. Now, just being around this school and all, but... This is the go behind it. It's pretty simple. Awareness Monkey is up here. Someone made a library for a project tour photography in computer graphics. So, all of the men's turtles are signed with the privacy and checked against the public team. So, this one... is a dental vitality. Don't mess with my turtles. Thank you. Hello again. I'm Brad. You all did. I'm... So, whenever you're planning to... up on, that does not look right. Let me go to the setting. One. What? It's like... Open. Um... What do you want me to do? What do you want me to do? What do you want me to do? That's what I'm doing. That's what I'm doing. Um... Okay. So, I'm just also on... Overbreed. So, I have all I want to talk about, I mean, chicken, it's my... Oh, one of my... Oh, one of my... Oh, shit. I'm not... I'm not... I'm not... This is fine. Everything is fine. It doesn't sound fine. I'm only wondering who's there. I cannot... Why don't we look at what we have? Why is it not hearing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? Okay. That was a nice... So, I have a chicken, so, in my stock, we have a fully automated system for, of course, how far because we need it to be. We have a rail farm for the upcoming metro systems. We have infinite goals. Infinite iron, as well as the main part of the gearbox that runs us through. I love it. I love all the useful cheap links. There is one that I'm incredibly proud of. So, creating... creating uses of... steam for engines. And the love of the generate steam. So, of course, Minecraft has no infinite lava shaft. And to save on the computations, create this instead of any amounts of sources together that are more than 10,000 sources to be infinite. So, me and my friend move 10,000 buckets of lava over a 12-hour period. 12, three hours of moving buckets of lava from never to buckets of lava from all over the world. So now, we have an overworld source that has infinite lava for infinite fuel for our sand. So, this, absurdly or ridiculously, hit a lot of drives all of our silly creations that we make. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I feel like it's a big deal. I'm going to have to walk in and say something. All right. Thank you. Thank you. That's all I'm going to say. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And now, for something completely different. So, in two weeks, I'm going to California for a conference. It's called the ENC. And all the presenting the research project that I've been working on for the past year. So, I've been working on a program that random people can't use to run the algorithms that I'm proposing in my research. So, I can, so there's a reset that will do like the entire pipeline that I'm proposing, or you can make your own. So, you can start with a base modular and it's like a whole T-Y thing. So, I think this is a check point. I made an entire expression part through just for this. So, I can bust and write like L times 6 over 100. And it will parse that formula. So, then these are the, so these in particular are the algorithms that I'm proposing for the paper. And now I can do the single generation. And this is the final, this is the final output of the algorithm. The sequence of one to zero is basically. What I can do is show the grace of how this changed throughout all of the filters. So, so like here you can see that it evaluated this expression to 16. And it's adding, and it's guaranteed that 16 points are one at the beginning. And then it's applying all of my filters. And then I can show metrics. So, these are extremely good metrics. So, this is what my algorithm is good for optimizing these metrics. And then I can show this is a plot in the terminal. So, this is very clean and very smooth out here. No like big, white hair, anything. That's what it's called. And I can request and there's a whole other feature where I can filter a schedule that I have existed. So, I can do the preset. And I can input a schedule from a file. And it will run all of the filters out of the schedule. I can show the grace. It will run all of the filters and give it new schedule. I can show the metrics. And this is before the after metrics. So, you can see it's improved. My filters have improved the metrics. And then what I can do is save it to a file. I'll give it a name. I'll the file already useful, whatever. And then it will save it to a file. I can request. And then I can text the file. You can see that the data is all there. So, this is what I've been working on. This whole break. Like this entire user interface. And what I've been working on this type of particular is a little bunch of type cases for this. So, I like Roe, all of these during hacknites. These are like integration tests. Pretty why. Also, the command can be read as non-interactive mode and supports like parsing commands and running in like type lines. So, yes. That is what I've been working on. Thank you for listening. Hey! Hey! Hey, no! I mean, the dusk coin can I have? What's the use sign here? I'm a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a All the one all the one all this one. No one came by your basketball. I did hear my basketball. Shut up. Can you give me a laptop, please? Right over there. You see it? Okay. Hey, I've the other side. You see the blue water bottle? Yeah. It might have lots of the frame work. The great one. Thank you. Okay, cool. So this is something that I think a lot of people might have heard about. It is very cool. This is a language called off or Galena. It's a proof system called off. It is very useful for normally proving things about programs. And so what I have here is a very cool example of a build up bit. I have to scroll every word I've heard. What I'm building up to here is a very cool example of us defining. Okay, so here I'll quickly show you that. Look, this is essentially key values of function which takes something called a simple table, which is essentially the same variable to argue mapping. And I'm giving it an expression of saying, by a to one, any to do and then add a and b, right? So this is an interpreter. That's what we call it. You give it an expression of a little value of it. So you can see it values to that. So if I just step, it's a nine. However, interpreters are really down slow. We don't usually use a means compilers. However, the compilers are really hard to implement crockering. And so what we have here is essentially we implement our own word, our own assembly language. And so it has very few instructions. It has like load-immediate store. So you can do stuff in this assembly language, like I said, load the values section to the accumulator register. Then store the values from the accumulator into register one. Do that to four as well. And then add the value register one to accumulator, which currently holds the value of the second register. So if I step through this, we'll see this weird function over here, which is essentially saying that given a cell, a cell is either with an umbrella or a computer. I will check whether the cell is distinct. If it's this, then I'll return this. And so if I get a numerator, I'll return it. So this is a function that's defining our memory. And when we mutate our memory, the other thing we're just creating more functions. And so now we've defined an assembly language. An assembly language and given expressions. We want to compile our expressions to the assembly language. We already have an interpreter, which is this key one. And we want to make sure that the interpreter and the compiler are doing the same thing. We prove this. And so if I just, if you see if I have the accumulator here, so if I pass the accumulators and argument to the function of the status, I get 10. And this is the theorem that we prove. Essentially, what this says is that if given a bunch of states, like what is m, m is the register table. So I'm mapping from something to the listers, given a particular register, given an expression, and given a list of instructions. If this is new, if the compiler produces this list of instructions for this expression. And if all the other correctness things, if all variables match. And if the value of the accumulator for evaluating all these questions is the same. And then we prove that as well as essentially the function that runs the virtual machine. When it's given this list of instructions and we ask for the value of R, it's the same as evaluating, it's the same as running the interpreter. We are proving correctness of the compiler based on the reference interpreter. So if I start stepping through this, you'll see. So I have this thing that I need to prove. I'll intros, so I'll say take all those for all, and say, or something. And so now I have to prove this given, I know all this. And there is a bunch of stepping that keeps going on. So you have to keep, so essentially what you're doing here is a lot of induction. So if people who have taken a course on proving things might know what this is. So we are inducting on all the possible ways and expression can be on. Then we are talking about all the possible ways that we can handle that expression. Making sure that those all match up with the ways that the interpreter might handle that expression. And then proving for all cases that it's the same. And so you'll see that there's like right now a very complicated expression that's saying something like, given the virtual machine with this sort of state, we're trying to prove that this is equal to evaluating the interpreter with this. And so if I keep stepping, I use, I rewrite something, I help off to essentially do this. Then I get, I have to prove this, which is the same thing. So it does go well, prove by reflexivity. And it says, okay, done. Next thing. And so that's all. So you give it a bunch of definitions, and then you can prove after all things. It's a very exciting system. It's also very tedious system sometimes. There's a lot of guessing around because it's just like proving things in that. But I think ultimately it's very rewarding because you keep going down this group, keep going down this group and at the end, you say assumption. And so you're trying to prove this and it's always something in the assumptions over here. And so you can say assumption. And no more so close. UED, proof complete. Thank you. Also this one's whole good. I got you the camera man. I make some little moves. Got to film the camera man. Oh yeah, you got to film. Oh, me, me, me, me. Do you need a USB-C converter? Or are you chill? I'm good. Already. Did we lose? Yeah. Yeah, tragic. I'm really good played by Houston. So yeah. Damn. Oh boy. We've been big in too far. Imagine being a Linux user. That's a problem. I've seen a trend. It is quite confused. I'm not going to say that. I want to switch to a new one. Scrolling window manager. So instead of tiling, it opens new like screens. Yeah. If you're familiar with how macOS spaces works, it looks similar to how you can... Damn. Change your resolution. Yeah. Tragedy, genuinely. 1980. 1940 by 10. 1940 by 10. You got this, I believe in you. I'm the applied button. Just take that journal work, right? Damn. Okay. Your projector screen is not... Oh boy. You made it this set of two. This is the real downfall of the Linux user. I am in a mess. I don't know if I just was playing that. I don't know if it's a dog shit. It gets worse with every update. Oh my god. It's been only 10% of my time at work. Just dealing with Windows 11. Windows 10, but LTSC. You want to keep it? You want to keep it? It's gone. Oh, it's gone. Oh, thank god. Let's go. Before break, I announced my project of trying to make a tracker for favorite laptops. Oh yes. You can find your laptop if you lose it or someone I guess takes it. Which is crazy. So the other day I ordered this random Chinese tracker. It is inside of it. It's basically just basically a front-line laptop. So really it's stuck. But it's not very loud. In fact, you can barely hear it with the fuse. So I just did a little tear down thing on the little bit. Get off with some pictures. You have measurements. And I'm not going to use it. But the plan is to use a different one. And have it so that you can use your regular CR2032 cell. And your laptop power itself. So when it's plugged with a battery, you know, laptop's lost power. It will just take your laptop's battery. And then when your laptop has no battery, it will just use the cord cell battery. So it lasts longer, I guess. But the battery has a laptop. That's the different thing. Also, I have a timeline for this. It was going to be done on the end of this semester. Also, my website will be done before Matthew's website. Yeah, one size part. What's back this time? Also, I'm going to be a designer. So, so that's, yeah. That's my thing. Thank you. Okay. Why not? Hello? No, I have to. Hello, again. I'm back. You miss me? Let's see if Linux can redeem itself. Oh, well, I believe it's the year of the Linux desktop. Not laptop though. That works. No, it didn't work. Oh, wait, what? You set the resolution back when you turned off the monitor. All right. It looks good enough. All right. So, in addition to many of the other jobs, I have an additional fun one. If any of you all know the admissions center, the place where Julian also works, we do a lot of collaborative software in regards to VR. So, we have this package we built, which allows multiple people with those headsets to get in one room and sort of collaborate, visualize data sets together and do all sorts of stuff. But we were having a slight problem where we were adding so much data. It was becoming an unreasonable app size. The app size was exceeding the limits of Android. It was trying to load more memory than the heads that had. So, we're solving that with dynamic mod loading. We're adding a modding system to our collaborative VR application. And I am the one that's heading that effort. So, I've shifted the actual modding system in the past. However, there have been some recent updates to the mod package here. So, you can see you can now just create, so what's being shown here? You can create just any normal Unity project. If your assets like test cube, test cube, test capsule, and test sphere, my beloved mods, and then over in this cool collaborative Sarmad package or window, you can go over and put in all the metadata about your mod. And then you can also customize things like how pre-babs are loaded in game. You can give them very good textures. Or you can give them good thumbnails in game. You can have an auto-generated thumbnails, all sorts of fun stuff like that. All wrapped in a AWS Pog Eater wrapper to be able to automatically upload things to S3. So, the collab can pull it from the web. Yeah. Is there anyone else who'd like to go? Oh, you're doing cool, right? I guess I'll try to do it too. This isn't an hour long. Okay. So, before it really goes, I have one different thing over. Do you want to take a look? Oh, actually, this goes for the last thing. This is a fun mod I made for work. I was paying to do this. Anyways, so, VR headsets. The big screen recently released the Beyond 2, which has lit the fire under my ass to finally build a VR headset. However, wouldn't you know if the human eye is hard? I've been using an optical cat software. I have an example that they have, which basically uses a computational model of the eye plus surfaces to generate lenses. However, I want to generate lenses that give you more than 180 degrees of FOB. Now, that's hard, because that would require a plane of greater than infinite size, which is most notably not possible. So, I have been working to try and find studies and other mathematical expressions for representing the sort of focal sphere, and our close-cause it's not actually a sphere, perfectly. But the focal sphere representing how your eye actually focuses. I am not very good at optics. So, if anybody is good with optics, and specifically the biology behind how humans focus, please talk to me. I need help. Anyways, yeah. That's for that. Any final words? Okay, here's how it goes. I had a very corrective break. I went back home, and I ran away from my boyfriend. I touched grass, and I was lying. That was fun. But I'm an nerd, and I also computer-cognitive. So, let's go through it. If you guys are familiar with AI and my chair right now, some Chinese companies hate this thing called Manus. It's basically a reasonably model at the touch to a Brazilian difference services through model context protocols. So, it feels like you can do a lot of shit. Wow, that's cool. I should do that exact same thing except AI, right? The ODMC demon. I've been working on a TVG at the same time, OpenAI released their agent SBA. So, I have been working on an agent that is able to write his own tools, add it to its list of tools and automatically reprush them by positive global. So, let's write something here. So, it uses one-eighth entry-odd third-quest in the experiment if the tools that it currently has are able to actually perform the function. And if it can't, then it will write its own profile. I guess this one didn't, but when it usually does, it'll be like, okay, I don't have a tool for this. And it'll write its own tools and add it to the folder. And when it does that, it will automatically reprush what tools are available to the agent by watching the files there. Really thinking, so I would get it to work at a campaign at PowerPoint. But yeah, that's something I started working on. I wrote Terraforms content from scratch to deploy Blue. Because that don't have contact, Blue is a weird open source sort of like multiplayer computer environment that I've been working on for Purdue Hackers, who allow for people to easily deploy shit on our servers. She used her workshop for hair programming. Oh, that could think. For me, it was very, very painful. It would not be dependent. But I now have the ability to prevent a peer server and be a NAS boarder server. Instead of peering any peer server, instead of peering any resources for the server, it could be a NAS boarder. A lot of them will get this work. Now automatically, that's everything. It's really nice. And I keep adding more Kubernetes like Manipest files to it because of the way that I set it up. So that's fun. That took a bit of a big chunk of my brain. I also found a bunch of these screens just running around in one way or worse. I was like, you know what? I should do something with that. So I managed to figure out what I was used. They're connected to a Raspberry Pi Zero right now. And I figured out how to do it right now. So I'm probably going to do something with it. I might put a case on a three print map. So that could be fine. I also learned how to start from the back to the end. So that was really fun. I showed up one evening, completely, every one of my coffee. And I was like, you know what? I was learning how to start. And one of the screeners was like, okay, I'll help you. And he called me up and started. So that was really fun. I am now more like the guy of cancer than I have in the past. That's great. And that's all you did. So yeah, that's all. And it will be health testing for the share. Now it will be the end of that point. So they go up to coming out tonight. As for usual, passionate flashless news. How many will now end at two o'clock C-M, two o'clock A-M, different from his past, but that doesn't mean that everybody gets picked out of the back of the center because we will be having an after party featuring a DJ. So, a lot of different, but it's basically the same thing. So we have. That's all.\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.22 ===\nOh, we were good ones. Yeah, there. So, great. Let's take points first. You're probably already noticed right now. This is our little section that Jeremy can work on. There are two rules. The one that's quick is to review and check something you work on. So, you want to share something you work on in the last week. Try the works in progress. Come on, I'm sure we need work on that. He's a TA. Woo. He's a person. Ray Peking Beauty. Get a longer HDMI cable. From the cable box. The organizer doesn't know where the stuff is organized. I like touching computers. Does that mean you teach you? Is it good? I didn't buy any. Is it? Alright. Really? I always get the 7-Eleven. Oh my god, is he actually good? Did he actually do that? Yes. Okay, hold on. Okay, so, if you play a lot of live, and if you don't know that you can really easily keep your phone on. We were joking, I kept people were joking a couple hours ago about how a cab shop tax upon a bus ticket line is really to be as pronounced as cab shop. So, I made a mod that changes the localization. I only know English so it's only in English. Because some look at you other languages, let me know. However, it works very well. You just pop in the code and then you play a lot of show. I should have had this one and give it a second. Not enough. It's more than that number is too low. All the offline hours. All the offline hours. There's no sound, so it's not too sure if it's good. I have a blind preset. I just have to play two firsts. Or I could reset the cards too. I think this is good. There you go. There you go. Thank you. Thank you. He just started playing. Did you just go to the Playbolager? I'm not the bite. Get the credit card and then get yourself a show. You can crash up on the BVB. Michael. Michael, do you want to record for me? I'm not really. Hey, let's get this translated to other languages. Let's get this translated to other languages. I'm going to play with this. Now we have G.S.L.M.O.P. Thank you. That looks like my authentic welcome. I bet you can't hack the other Christoph. All right. So basically I have finally went down the rabbit hole. I have decided I'm going to try to switch to NikoAge. I have a plan on that. Basically I got on a piece of paper a few days ago. I have a whole plan of all of the things that I want to do for my NikoAge system. I have heard of doing that now. So I'm learning things that I want to do with sandboxing. I originally thought of using PyreGale, but it turns out that that has some security options to it. I'm going to set it on this room. But Blackpac turns these into the thing called bubble rounds. I went into looking at that and I figured out some stuff about that. So I've been setting up some basics, like functions to do with wrapping packages. I'm on the wraps, but yes, you understand how high that sounds. And from there I've heard it voting on the question desk top miles. I also have a couple of miles left out. I don't need to convert them to use the bubble wrap, etc. So I'm just starting to get back going and hopefully... I'll check to figure out what the excess of the other bubble does. The actual piece of paper bubble is done. We're going to cut down the wrap in here. Snowing outside, I think. I think you're wrong. Are you going to buy the L2 to C2? Okay, I actually have two things to check. First, this is the poster that I'm bringing to the conference that I'm going to on Sunday. This is like a poster documenting my research at the two algorithms that I'm proposing as well as the results. The results are like, this is without my algorithm. This is what's happened with my algorithm. This is where I'm all of the algorithms. You can see the noise, the noise, the noise. This is like the culmination of a year of me hacking on my computer, writing these algorithms and doing research and stuff. So yes, I'm very excited to go to the conference. It's in us moderating. I'm going to call it a volunteer for this. Monitoring. Like the Korean. The second thing I want to check point is there's been this glaring of missing feature in CUTER for a long time. Basically, there's really neat tricks that you can use to calculate the modulus of a registered computer for a specific subset of modulating. So what I did was I implemented this here. This is a program to calculate the modulus of a number of mod 9. And it full generality. This is a program to compute the modulus of any number. And this program will actually destroy the numbers as a computer. But this one will actually preserve the numbers. So this feature is extremely useful and it's a really important optimization, especially for our multiplication algorithm, which we have them like, especially written yet. So I can't put just any number in there. If I run this, this will give an error. And it will say that the available module I are the LCM of any combination of these numbers. So I could put 9 for the modulus or 10 for the modulus for 18 for the modulus for 90 for the modulus, except in this case 90 is the entire register. But you get the idea. This is a really important optimization for a special and multiple edition algorithm. So this will... So we're hoping to be able to run computer programs on a robot that a bunch of engineers have been making. The fastest keeps solving robot in the world. And this optimization will make it run a lot faster. So yes, that is what I've been working on. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You know, this is a little translate effort. I'm not even talking about it. You've got all the help that you're trying to do. I'm sure it'll work this time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I think all the core channels all the time that everybody has. That was the whole thing. So first ship of the week, we got the parts from the send cut send for the sign. The sign is finally progressing and we have some fully assembled blocks. Yeah. So soon as soon as Victor no longer runs out of compressed air, which I don't know how you run out of compressed air. Like just compressed more. But as soon as they're not out of compressed air, we're going to laser cut the metal for the sign and finally ship it. Second quick checkpoint is not really a checkpoint. It's more of a this is a neat thing I'm doing next week. After the whole experience of having to run around for 30 hours on to printers on campus to drink 60 hearts, I'm finally building my own 30 printer after way too long. So I will be building a 300 millimeter boring trident next week. I'm going to arrive two hours early to have that and see if I can have something done by checkpoints to checkpoint. It's kind of cool. I have a friend who is on the actual design team for the printer who is printing me all the custom hearts in this really cool color change purple and this littering views black. And it's going to look something like this. Here is a bit. Okay, so I got bored of one class and I'm like I'm going to start making some little shit as do. And then I got really inspired to do this for like five hours straight. And I thought, okay, I'm going to make a cool new signature. So I went over to here and I thought, okay, these are kind of cool. And then about an hour later, I really started to hate it. I'm going to after banging my head against a wall for about two more hours listening to the same song I'm grippy. I finally got to something around this. I really like it. I want to show it off. This one right here. I'm going to practice this for about five more hours now until I have perfected it perfectly. Oh, yes. So when you say it's that signature, you mean like this pikey thing that's one line or is it or does the edge and something also as part of the signature? No, that's hazel signature. I can show you the full later if anybody wants to copy it. Yeah, yeah. I'm going to record that as well. Yeah, that's a spiky one. I can do that all in one stroke. I don't have to take the pen off the paper. I just do that all in one. And then if anybody's curious, that's hazels. No. Yeah, perfect. Okay, that's it. So am I actually able to turn eyes on a copy? Should I give a test? And just fish a sketch and then you can turn the arrows. No, you just press it and and it's not going to touch you. So, project I'm working on is I'm making this call out to- Just read a program that just wins the title and has significant, I don't want to get into it right now. But I'm kind of working on these pieces of it right now. It has this white hat which I have right here, I'll wear it in a second. The underneath this sort of like folder, I don't even know what to call it like, stall thing, is a sleeveless, a furl-like top that has old embroidery. I just want to tell you if you can't see the small details all in there and then make me happier. We have this thing that buttons up in the back, comes over, it'll have like a place and so... There's a makeup ensemble that I do. I have a corset that has a lot of the little flowers in it. And this part is a helisco dress, or specifically a helisco skirt. It's a Mexican dancing dress. Traditionally they have different color frippings on the bottom. However, I don't want to buy like $30 worth of ribbon because the length of the skirt is really really really long. So I was just gonna make this design with a stencil and spray paint on the entire thing around. It's gonna take absolutely forever. And in the booth, I'm actually wearing right now. Underneath the skirt is a piece of heavy coat. And up here we have this tool that will wrap around as well. And then on the arms we have these places, fingerless love things with spray painted ribbons that go down the entire thing of it. It's this wool I think it's neat and the pack is right here. Hold on, I'm just trying to figure out how to film a video. That's a good one. It's so pretty. Stop. So this is the hat. On, yeah, yeah. There are lots of little details on it. On the front edge, both circles with rainbow, which we see gems and flowers. Lots of flowers on the top. On the inside, I actually like the inside more than I like the outside because there's a lot of more details. We have embroidered leaves, only edges of it. I sewed all of these tassels on and I made every single one of these beach strands sewing them on as well. There are special ones in the front with little messages, mostly in the bed. And I'm really happy with how it's turning out. Looks really cool. Thanks for looking at my full hat. Eventually I'll wear the whole bit here and I'm going to look awesome. Bye-bye. Hello, Chap. Hello. Laser Tag updates. Laser Tag updates. We tried to hold the vent. We tried to hold laser tag in the armory. And I felt very motivated for some reason. I was very adamant that I didn't want virtual barriers. I had real barriers that you could run into and trip and fall over and seriously hurt yourself. Barriers that forced us to require you to sign away before you play the game. So, with Matthew I went to Home Depot and something great, I heard you harbor great folks happening. And we got, and we got PVC pipe, like 300 bucks for a PVC pipe. Yeah. And it barely fit into Matthew's car. We had to put it diagonally. And as we were driving back to campus, I was just thinking about that one scene and like that the movie where a lot of people die. I think it was all final destination. Where the poles come out and to have a stab at a lot of someone, they call out the truck back into our stab someone at the end of the sucks. And then I forced three of my friends to come out and do unpaid labor. I drive this guy with a white monster and we built 10 walls out of PVC pipe in the car. And then the tornado happened. And we had to cancel the event. And I paid 300 bucks for to buy PVC pipe and other stuff. But it's okay. Because we held it in secret. That's the YouTube one. YouTube sucks. Vimeo is better. We'll play a little, how do I do audio? Yeah, you got to go to the control center next to Siri. Oh, that's my desk. Hopefully it will not the sound logo. Thanks Apple. You're playing. This? Oh, that. Epson. We had kind of a C-erbx code. Wait, you can see it in my back. I'll play for one second. There's a difference. No. How did you die? No. So we held a secret event. Unless you're Boast, we didn't hold anything. And it went well. And then we found out that we had to go to the toilet. And then we found out that we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we found out that we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we had to do it. And then we were doing it. I made this me for my friend. I made this me for my friend. I'm sorry. The worst part, only eight other people liked it. And that's everything from me, thank you. Oh Give me like 30 seconds I should have pulled this up beforehand Then the last thing to see it why is working I Connected the wrong one I Know I don't make one thing I have something like All of Share I wrote I'll have my mind I knew document on working about badges. This is why since we've learned from every hackmate bash both positive and negative That's all I have also Unmeeting who I am Do you have anyone else who wants to share something they work on in the last week? Okay, oh Yeah All right, well Okay, thanks for coming to that points We'll keep going on as you know you probably know the drill I need to spend this is not a checkpoint. This is a hijack Crackle remember I talked about that Fracking even though I'm helping run it I forgot that submissions are given me so Anyone who's interested in submitting of Some what coursey project to practical You are you know Nobody else on your is mid You're Okay, you want to submit something else? Okay, nobody else Oh Okay, then I won't bother if you are All right Cool, thank you for coming to check my all put the cash for back up you stay as long as you like have a good night\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.24 ===\nI need to get the thumbnail. I'll just upload it. It doesn't look like I'm uploading it. I'll just upload it. It doesn't look like I'm uploading it. It doesn't look like I'm uploading it. I'm sorry to laugh. Hey, I'll scale. You're going to have to explain to me some more tail scale. Thank you for your time. This is a part of the video. I don't know how many videos are in the video. It's the only video in my channel. If you're not, you will be sure to make it. The second video is about how to do a lot of things. Like old machines, mechanisms, washing machines, etc. Even with part of the video. My introduction to the part of the video is the self-preaching program. Over there you're seeing a large C program. You can see that over in the start I have like the high pre-processed set of high-resistant stuff. This is a C program. Everybody okay? It's a beautiful C program. C program nonetheless. And I'm going to print out a script. This script went on. It will just run the executable. I print two of higher. I'll print the higher and run it again. And so now when I'm running the script, what's happening here is that when you run the program, it prints another thing which when you print, looks like this and then you feed it into GCC, where's the volume? Where's the volume? This has... Yes. It's a card. How many languages? How many languages? Yes. So every iteration is printing this program feeding into GCC, combining it and running it again to produce. So every execute to the 100 produces one thing of our data. When you copy it, the entire text into GCC comes out and it produces an X-frame. So on and so on for 199. And that is all we think I was able to print it. And in the very very end, why not? Thank you. So I think my screen is showing up hopefully. Should I make those there? Okay, so if you guys know me, you might know that I run a Twitter box that responds to tweets with pictures of a dog. And I run this box at my school. It responds to a lot of my YouTube messages, not as much as the recent effective. And I didn't understand that around just because it's a sponge. But every single Elon Musk decided to shut down this video via it for obvious. I've had some trouble keeping this bottom because they can't really use the official name. So there was this new thing that happened that basically if you use unofficial API, you need it to actually generate this thing called the X-client-based action. And it's really hard to generate it. So I was really stuck for about 10 months. So a couple weeks ago, I found this API called Peter Pi. And if you look at the like, TID, you see it has code 4 that are in the X-client-class action. So it's basically against that. If I run this API by box as against a strategy because it's a master validated. So because I do this now, I decided okay, I'm going to make my body and I'm going to fix it. So I spread the couple weeks on and off just trying to figure out how I can fix my code. I basically wrote the code 4 on my Twitter bot using this new Peter Pi API. And it's a little different from like, on that bad I just need to kind of, you know, get these leads that taste the file. You know, decide when you respond on the end. The only thing that this API does not have the affiliate post reads. There's some reason it can only be reads. So I have to for now use the official Twitter API. And I will be allowed to post seven teams each a day under the free plan, which is super thrilling. My bot use the post 1500 weeks a month. And I'm fairly allowed to be 500 weeks a month. So like, it's really not a bot word here. So if I like, you know, Twitter and Pines, you know, it's not the bot code. We've picked this. I have the entire thing though. And there it is. The bot works out sort of. And I'm happy. Thank you. All right. Who else do we have for us to share something they worked on in the last week? I know we have more than this. So pretty hackers. We need single sign on because having everything have its own sign on. So what I've been working on setting up and finished setting up is authentic. But you can see in the bottom of my corner. As you can see on the other reports of my screen, I'm also working on getting edge docs set up. So that people can type random. This is like you know, mark down on both. There are other things that we use that not hosting at some point, which will all be added to this ice single. And now throw a thing. Back in the later. Yeah. You won't be able to use the ethics of something to log in with. But then you'll be coming soon and you'll be able to use a very hard work. Thank you. I think we have a lot of getting to authentic. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I see some. Alright. Those three have one. There's something they have worked on in the last week. Okay. So I have been working on a project to try to build a computer mouse. I'm trying to understand if it is a paddock, and it needs to be more of the main mouse itself. Here is the actual dongle. Like you would be comfortable for the mouse. The tailing on the paddock is being kind of weird, but here is the actual automatic. And I also have a PCB for it as well. That's pretty much it. I'm also working on a 3D model, but I don't currently have that available on this panel. Alright. I know we have two people who want to know but aren't ready yet. So go on the chair. I'm going to check the line. I guess like, I need to go through it. Yay. I'll just put this on the floor. Where are you? I can't put this on. So this is my video. I'm going to use that temporary. When I got it, it was a really good thing. It's hard. It's a lot of system. And I can see that I found a battery. It's on the screen. It's on the screen. So I bought a demo tool to do it. It looks like a computer paper handgare. It's probably a little bit. It stabilizes. So I'm going to have a one. And that's about it. Alright, where are we going? I'm going to use the screen. Oh, okay. Okay, whatever. So you can see up on the screen. There is a 3D printer webinar page. I actually have the printer with me at Hackney. It's currently printing a bench. The 300 millimeter Born Trident that I built over a continual like 24 hours strike period a few days ago. I have it mostly dialed in. It still has some printing problems. And moving it like that definitely help. Yeah, it's experience. I just... Are you supposed to move it all day? No. I'm doing anyways, but I'm pulling it. Thank you. This is actually a cool ship. This is a rough part of the animation. Page 9 of the people worked on for a 48 hour animated channel. We didn't finish it. Yeah, it's been much more than maybe like more like 48 months on average. 48 weeks. At least 48 days. Do you want to... Do you have anything to say about it? Not really. Most of the two. Almost all of the TNRs were pretty much done. They had 48 hours to do it. And then all of this rendering is used to be from a million to a million hours. Two weeks, pretty much. I was the off-day. The four other members have done within 40 hours. And then I think it might be good time. But this is a very rough part of most of what people wanted to show. It doesn't have any... It doesn't have audio. We are very happy. Yeah, but this is all a 3D animation that page and four of the people created. And I wanted to blend or maybe to blend it. It helped the camera work stuff. Is this the bullying thing? Yes. What's the plot? Oh my gosh, a lot. Well, this... This... We all know what's all been. That's the ruining this small town. And this tiny little shrimp stand up to his bully. And literally... What's the... What's the ultimate name? His name is Bryce. What is the shrimp unit of Bryce? Bryce, Bryce. So it's in the shrimp rod of Bryce. Absolutely. That's the one. That is the main thesis of this animation. The shrimp rod of Bryce. So that's it. I'm Michael. It's her birthday today. I can't get a kill you recording. I'm wearing what I've been working on for a two week and a month. I don't know. This is my bestie. His name is Polan. His name is Polan. It is part of the intro. It represents a box of shrimp, loved and party. As I formed this idea of this dress after my partner cast last November. I've been working on this all her piece. I've been working on this story. I finished it. I made it. Literally last time I finished spray painting. The colors of white, orange and black represent the best of the favorite color. I'm specifically in the order that he said he would like this specifically. I don't know. It's for how I'll go around and see if I can see it for him. I have any questions about the sewing process or any of the pieces I'll let you know. I'm going to give you a round of applause. All right. We'll have to share something that they worked on in the last week. You look like I'm in the eye. I have no feeling like I'm in the eye. I wonder what I had. Okay. I actually thought I'd use it to publish this blog post this morning. It's about the first business template and pride to reverse engineering. It's a pretty proprietary camera. Codecult is like a Chinese platform company and Korean company that's special. I have seen it. Really proprietary is like e-way devices. It's not that you can access it. I really want to see if I could maybe get open so this is the camera over here. I took this Steve, a proprietary app. I think that's not about this camera. There is no way to access it properly. You can only access the terminal. If you want to, you can use your computer. So I want to see if it can actually be opened. Unfortunately, it was not accessible. But this is the journey that I went through. I think it's important to document your bill. That's why this blog is open. A couple of things that came out of this agreement is I mentioned this couple of times with you. I managed to get a patch for the patch check. I used it as a camera. It's not a flash mode. I thought that was difficult. I think there is some 150 of the hardware in case you're interested in making the exact same camera. I'm just going to leave off here for now because there are more than half of it. But it's not Linux. I love the bill. I remember when I worked on this week, it was a fitting patch to the company project for the Apple TV integration. Now, the Apple TV integration is used for an app. I'm going to leave it to my team. There's also used for HomePod. There's a blog where I think you should give all you on HomePod or on Apple TV. And then I'll take that position and share it with you. I'll just put your online app on that one. And that was the first thing I did. It was a close police. Yesterday, they were running a big plane company. One said, at least, it was on the internet. I thought that was going to work. Thank you. I got up to the home assistant now. Thank you so much. Almost every time you text on something, it includes the token. It's so good. You said, that's really cool. All right. Who else wants to share something they worked on? A lot of me. You should probably mention a few from Joan and from Google. Are they done? Yeah, but people have. I do. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sure. Three of you. Yeah, don't be on the phone. So basically, I worked on a racing name. I've been working on a router. So one thing to be able to have more people share was in your room. So one thing that we are working recently was, if you have a request, go basically whenever you connect to a network. You don't know your IP address. You had a Sydney request for an IP address. I just cover the servers that are available, and where they all come. And then server offers, like, you request from the server, and then it all just up-acquired and reserved IP address for you. The IP address here is the IP address for 1,100, and then receive a request for it, and it all just has a request. And all in the side of the app that I just was asking it, it has received IP address for 1,100. And then, here, we were able to connect to the internet. Oh, yeah. Okay. All right. We're also supposed to share something that we worked on last week. Oh, wait, actually. Sorry. Nice. What about them? Oh, yes. Sounds good. Hello. So Henry and I are working on a RubySqib computer. So what that means is you can compile a program into RubySqibMoves. And then if you like to look at this program executable, and you perform the moves, you will get the output of the program. So what I worked on for the past week was this Sunday, we're meeting up with some robotics people, and we're planning to get cuter to run on an actual Q-solving robot. So what that means is you're going to be able to compile a program. You run in Python, robot taking pictures of the Q and performing moves, and then it speeds back the output to the original program. So here's the sort of interface that I mean. This is the robot right now, but you can see that it basically spawns in the robot T-Y as a slow process. And then right now the Q-state detects this always slow, because we don't have the actual robot. But what this program does over here, multiply two numbers together, so we enter like two random numbers, like four. You can see that, because it always returns zero, or because it always returns the slow state by the robot, it's interpreted in the output of zero, but on the actual robot, it will take two numbers and multiply them together, written in our improved Q-Pode ribbon language. So if you want to ask more questions about it, talk to me afterwards. That's all. I love Q-Turk. All right, who's next? Who else was the chair for the New Worklin' class? Who else? You're working on a project in the future? Yes. My name's Dan. Yes. Are you checkpointing? Okay. So for the past couple hours, I've been working on the beginning of my game, basically I'm trying to just get an all-well, just move into water. So if I take this, we can see my non-well interview, and I'm just going to say, no or that, I think I need to move it right away, I'm going to put my back in. You guys can see I'm kind of swimming around. Yeah, that's about it. I want to make it so that you can actually see the whole well either swimming and also so that it doesn't fall right through the map, as you and I see this part in the young movement. But I think it's decent so far. Thank you, Michael. Is anyone else here currently doing film and wants to share their progress on our game? You should share your number and team. What there is, what more did I not, if you have zero things to share, I literally check pointed nothing before. Yeah, I don't have a website. Pause it. Over in. That one just. I have like two weeks later one site, there's nothing. That's not happening. I'm pretty sure that video's fake. I doubt that's real. I don't think he paid piano at his concerts. It's like that. I know. That's what I'm doing. This is like a very rough idea because I wrote you. Alright, who else wants to share something that we worked out of last week? Grace is so here, right? This is what Grace did. I want to shout out Grace, even though she's not here for writing a really cool lightning talk, that literally a whole, like, whole Patrick Bell's plan to watch her talk, which I had never seen happen before. It was so weird and it was really good. So thank you Grace, you're the clear on here. And my checkpoint is I'm meeting through AM. Alright, and with that, as per you know, we wrap up checkpoints, we're going to be here officially until 6am, longer than usually. And after the killing will be taking you for that time as well. If you're staying in for a kill, at 6am, we're moving to the vision center. So be prepared for that, but until then, you're welcome to take your vote. I love you. There will be cookies and cream ice cream in life an hour and a half. It's also, we need to murder Matthew.\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.25 ===\nSeven games and a lot of five bruh weekend that was very graphic to put together. And so we had a lot of time, I think about one game, where we made their own really fun. But we have four winners not to end that we're going to announce tonight. So the three of us were judges and organizers for the game game. And first off we're going to talk about the game that we thought I'd see you pass gameplay. This award goes to Sabrosa, by Karnavya, Karen, and Alvin. So with Sabrosa, you play the boy at Sabrosa. You're going to be more upgraded or some of us tips up. And you need to break a bunch of clothes. Because this company is very secretive, very odd. Your first time is actually in the back of the house, where you see computers. And it gets harder and harder for there. This is like extremely technically like advanced. It basically built Karnavya, the unit office. I mean, so are two sides. So you need to think great as much as the teacher is at the top of the header. And you can use the prescriber. It's just a really impressive game. And the link to it is on top of the website. Well, well, that you guys know, it's super cool. Check it out. It's a really fun game. Great work, y'all. Next up, on the best aesthetic slash design. You can go with parade the world. This was decided with the very unique ASCII aesthetic. Sort of reminds us of more portraits of us. So, I got this. I'm wrapped in black and white. I won't make that a year's time, but we'll get some time to come. Next up, Professor Thief. Alright, Professor Thief is going to go to Fubi Theater Thai Cruise TV. Okay, this game. What? Did you make that? Oh. I don't think you should take that. I was it's self. Okay. Okay. I've been moving theater Thai Cruise TV. You've played as the owner of a moving theater after your friend's seriously gifted you. And it's a very odd moving theater. So, I think you should play this game and try it out. But we think that it's best use of team because this game is most impressive. Anyway, it goes to court and court direction. You'll see how it can be played again. It is really fun. Check it out. Congratulations on being. Today, we're going to go on for a last-door role. This is the best overall work used to give that we thought was everybody the entire team of the game did. It was crappy, compass, best use of the theme, design, aesthetic, and really interesting things in these game plays. And it was made by two newcomers who were new actors as well. Best overall work goes to ship happens by ACES and VIN. So honestly, a really fun play. From the moment I think Emily, I thought it was a really used of the theme, Friendship, where you're growing your friends together to create a ship. And you have to manage those with dynamics to make the ship stay close. It's a really interesting game for two new game developers, which honestly really impressed me to see this happen together. And yeah, that's what we decided. So, best off. Really great work. Everyone who participated all the games that we played were really fun. It was a really tough time kind of deciding which awards it gives. But yeah, we're really happy with how the game came to end. And everyone who participated. The round of applause to everyone is here. So, today, with even more moving and acting to the utility, talking about how we're going to get this to you. Yeah, congratulations everyone. And now, all of the regular content programming, checkpoints as per usual, the Bormel Eye, who everyone started off and come on up. Yeah. So, I'm just going to send it over to you. Yeah. So, I've been introduced to you. I don't have anything to present this thing. So, yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'm working on trying to make my own computer or hit now. Currently, I'm trying to get you half old. I'm trying to get it. This is currently a lot of improvements. A lot of changes within the past week. And yeah, this is going to be okay. I'm going to help you stay. I could be making the model. It has been made entirely great as you can see. Specifically, pretty bad box like one, which is filled with all of that. I'm going to help you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. I'm going to help you. Next up. I literally spent like all day putting together this presentation about my roots product and what I've been doing. So it was a really good presentation and you all missed out. I gave it like 40 minutes ago. I'm really proud of it because it was a lot of work and I'm going to be able to recycle it. I'm really proud of it. I'm really proud of it. Hello. He's like someone who can step up here. Where's the HDMI board? All right. Give me just a second. I almost boiled and brought it. Put it in the Twitter. Don't show anything weird. Please. Okay. So, remember the standing stuff that I was working on? I'm not meshing now. I am sorry about the bit rate of this video. It is very low. But this is meshing and with meshes comes physical items. So I can spawn balls. I love balls. I don't like balls. Balls are gay. But you can see when I close the door and when I open the door the environment responds to it. And it responds reasonably quickly. So I can run around and it violates all this stuff. Very fun. Do you know what else comes with meshing? App meshes. App-timing. NPCs that run around their environment. So what is there left to do? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I would say it's a live demo. I don't know. You want me to waste the time of the live demo? Yes. Does anyone else want to go check? Okay. All right. I'll set it up real quick. All right. I'm going to go run around and try to escape. I'll be right back. I'm going to go run around the right side. I'm going to go run around the right side. I'm going to go run around the right side. I'm going to go run around the right side. I'm going to go run around the right side. All right. Now that's because of the laundry... Okay next up. Okay, okay, you're tying that project. You don't see how to do full project. I am making a doll at a basic area. This is my first owner because I'm very, very free. I have the doll part printed out right here. I painted them all last week quite. Like here's the paint for it. This thing will actually be pretty big too. Anyway, so I would just make him a breakfast. It's like to be exactly how I'm trying to fulfill it. I already did one of the tasks and I was really doing this. I'm being killed, I've been to whatever. I want to be a kind of resin. So I'm supposed to be holding them on display. And then doing silicone holes. That'll be the first time I ever do resin work. But first thing, remember everything you try and you can do. And then it has a weight as well that I'll be dying. And yeah, I look forward to doing another project. First project on this. Alright, next up. Who else is playing the checkpoint tonight? I'm going to try my hand. That'll be a nice, sorry. Okay. I showed this animation for an app in a state. This is the final version. Okay. Okay. Okay. So very cool. And this one. Hey, do you want to tell us the name of the story? Oh, this name is Gowie. That's just what we started calling this. And there's a very funny story in the show. I believe that he's not here. And he's like, why did I just proceed here? Because the white-white soul is the notification that says, yeah, we don't need to change. I don't know what Gowie means. This is a lie. Next up. So, starting earlier today is a Minecraft convention called Rankin Pop, celebrating honing of all forms, but more specifically on fabrics, on one point, 21.1 as an current thing. This features about 170% of it with 234 booths and 12. Surprise to say a large number of months. Somehow, dark winter, a friend of mine has managed to get it from her own. Very well considering, you know, just because it's not very well done for a new network. I'm blaming that. So, I'm a participant. I spent an X-Hinecraft and said, well, you do it. My whole task is to know that that's a lot of people in pretty good TPS heard, you know, 200 and 300 blocks. But anyways, what an extra shipping is. I think it's all like a classic business. For you. I'm going to go to the shop. I'm going to go to the shop. I'm going to go to the shop. There we go. We're in X-Hinecraft. You know, list of features. I'm going to go to the shop. I'm going to go to the shop. I'm going to go to the shop. I'm going to go to the shop. I'm going to go to the shop. I'm going to go to the shop. I'm going to go to the shop. I'm going to go to the shop. I'm going to go to the shop. I have a bunch of these. These are the leaving blocks in the parking. Check out right now. I wish you could have been forward. I have one card. I have one card. I have one card. I've been learning how to add. I'm not very good at it. Sometimes you can actually keep someone having to be mad. I'm able to do a very basic task. I'm working on building as an enclosure for my pies. This is an announcement. You can also come to Braggel. You're not going to Braggel. Keep the 49th Tuesday. Either from 12th to 12th. All the consumption here and all the people are going to be showing off problems. I'm going to show you the complete understanding of the community. I'm going to show you the complete understanding of the community. I'm going to show you the complete understanding of the community. I'm going to show you the complete understanding of the community. I have a free phone. I have a free phone. I have a free phone. I have a free phone. I have a free phone. I have a free phone. I have a free phone. I have a free phone. I have a free phone. I have a free phone. I have a free phone.", "summaries": "\n\n=== Chocolate Pie - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nI am the person who does a lot of video on the time. I made 300 cookies at one time. And me and my team of socialists here, they're right here\n\n=== Komori Discord Shortcuts App - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nI'm going to be showing off a project that I'm working on for about the past week. So it's all glory. And it is an app that can allow you to send discord messages through Siri shortcuts\n\n=== 3D Scan of Heavilon Hall Demolition - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nAlright, they killed Hevel and Hall. So, here's a shaker he's gannin' Hall. There it is\n\n=== Unique Never-Ending Pattern - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nI think that's a taxi. Okay. Sorry\n\n=== Fixing Add to Calendar on Events Site and Open Source CityBus - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nThis is the first small thing of the Purdue Packers event page as an active Google counter button and has been broken for some time now. Here's how our fix is that. It's be reviewed\n\n=== First Raspberry Pi - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nI hope you guys can see that. Now you cannot see the tree on the ground. Are you in the view? Yes, I am just looking after the tree\n\n=== The Vulcan Server Is Up - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nOkay. Wow, that's one good point. Hi, I'm following up from last week because Vulcan is very alive\n\n=== Build Your Own ChatGPT - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nAlright, we are here. Do you guys want to know how these are going for you? A way to execute any code you want using our language model? That's a cool online learner now. So this week was making code resistant\n\n=== Creating a Language - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nGood evening, Hacklanders. Are you good at it or are you better at it? Awkward. All right, good evening, Hacklanders\n\n=== Blog Post about Badges - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nOkay, hello everyone, I am Matthew and I would like to share two things. The first is the passport making ceremony that I helped run earlier tonight. These things are so hard to run and it is very draining, which is not bad\n\n=== Unspillable Water Bottle - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nIn the audience, many of us are water bottle users. But here at Penn Pineapple, we like to think different. We like to think about transparency\n\n=== Dotted Notebook - Checkpoints 5.6 ===\nI'm the same person who made the track of eyes or organized it by the way the second slide is going to be done in a couple of minutes. Anyway, this is actually unrelated to that. I've spent about maybe eight or ten hours in the past couple days making dot grades\n\n=== Komori on the App Store and the Sign Finished - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nSo I've got two checkpoints tonight. First checkpoint, my app Cymori is finally on the app store. Woo! So you can now do cost of the short cuts within our four discourse\n\n=== Adblocking on an iPhone - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nSo, something I've been working on pretty much not stopped my entire life is how to get ad-logging working on my jailed iPhone with latest iOS and video updates and it took me a while but I think I have a solution I'm pretty happy with and it's pretty complicated but I run my own custom DNS over a GPS server I will show all this happening right now on my iPhone but I don't have a way to show it on screen so I run my own custom DNS server on my server and that's proxy through my bank address and ...\n\n=== Building a Rubik's Cube Computer - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nSo if you know remember from a few weeks ago, I, I was going to start building a computer from a Ruby's tube. So this is sort of a small program subject for, well, okay, this not have done is through our text code. This is way easier than the set up for the mouse grid\n\n=== Unique Way to Count Binary on Hands - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nLikely silly thing but people on the internet say that you can count to 128 on your hands by using your fingers as binary except nobody can actually do that Because Connor they're going to do the number nine nobody can like raise just your ring finger so Okay, apparently you can Oh look at that little finger We got to like a different finger It is the ring finger Carry on, okay Okay So if you instead of using your fingers you use the gap between your fingers then you can count to anybody like mu...\n\n=== Update on Vulcan - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nAs I demoed last week and told you all last week, Vulcan is a lie. The Prudegi Gris Rock server is a lie of running. As the last night, using this nice script, we have already gotten over 20 users\n\n=== Making Buckeyes - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nSo I'm first to keep on making shit like every single week like baking food last week I made chocolate pie and I also did a big end last night Here today I made bakais Here is a good photo of the bakais But apparently sitting in the fridge, cooling down after the night demos Come over to the kitchen area over there and we'll be serving bakais There's roughly 240 of them So you know, there's plumbing for everybody This is the spreadsheet that I use to actually like plant out the bakais And things...\n\n=== Passport-Making Ceremony and Fixing Sign-In With Passport - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nHi everyone, my name is Matthew. I have two things to share. The first thing is that we ran another passport making ceremony and made seven new passports\n\n=== Almost Done the Phone Doorbell - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nOkay, so my project of the week has been printing the trinidad of bond belt on the news and taking way too long. So sadly I didn't make it because WebRTC is for any base. But I do have some full updates\n\n=== DS Emulator from Scratch - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nShow my DSMulator. Show my DSMulator. Wow\n\n=== Custom Personal Finance Tracker - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nFor my products, so I have to like heat-fuck my personal finances of course and I've traditionally used a spreadsheet for that but I noticed that there's a lot of certain like these universities that I like to manage with that. Like for example, I went around a budget money, I don't like having like different physical accounts, I like to just have a separate range of entirely orthogonal budgeting systems. So I came up with a theory about how I could basically just put transactions together as li...\n\n=== Music Interactivity Video Game - Checkpoints 5.7 ===\nThis is a lot of off for the past, like long-for-some. And this is basically just like a game, go in like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It's not really like a game, but right now, because we do have like player movement and software\n\n=== Scream to Make Your Computer Faster - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nAlright guys, imagine this, this moment, you are furious at your computer. It's slow, it's stupid, and nothing you do or try makes it better. You scream at your computer\n\n=== Adding a Point Sphere to a Website - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nSo first I started by, I was like, the layout is not complete yet, but I got inspiration from like other developers. Basically, I wanted to add some life pretty cool graphics in my website and I decided I want to add a point sphere. So I got this paper which basically has an computationally effective method of creating a point sphere\n\n=== Coding a Pattern that Never Repeats for Hack Night Badge - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nOkay, I designed this piece back. If you look at the line cap, it's almost like 600 lines of like, wow. This is like, this looks like an instant amount of time to do so, I don't know, people don't normally check points, badges or whatever\n\n=== Integrating CityBus Into Home Assistant - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nThis is going to be really short. It's more of a problem. I think\n\n=== Keybindings for Jupyter Notebook in Nix - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nThis week, because I've been doing a fire mount of physics work and I've had a notebook, and I use Nix of course, I was getting pretty annoyed that I don't have my nice VIN key bindings in your notebook. And also I was getting pretty annoyed that I had to type an entire bit of shenanigans that were properly output marked down and from a code cell. So I decided with the Nix, why don't I figure out how to package? These wagons\n\n=== Designing Landing Page for AI Code Reviewer - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nI'm Lewis, I'm going to speak on this past week. I've been to Simon and David Page for my chat with you, Robert. So, I think we're going to miss Appalachian Co\n\n=== Running Code on Browser for AI Assistant - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nAlright, in the video over here. Alright, cool, so I'm shaking a number of points a while back that I was struggling a little bit with running code in my browser. Three tap last time I was thinking PiDi and today I'm at PiDi\n\n=== Long Video About Everything Finally Finished - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nThat's a very high level way to do all of it. I would... Alright, so parts of the slideshow are apparently not voting\n\n=== Amogus Shows Working Doorbell - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nVery big announcements. Would you like to share yours? Please and bye This will take a bit Hello Hello everyone As you may have seen, we currently have a doorbell you can go to the bottom stairs and your code and it pulls up something on the screen However, a while ago we decided that's alright, we want something more interesting We're now introducing a new flow. It's not available on this hacknet yet because we're still doing a little Finally bugging but you can now pick up the phone Pick up th...\n\n=== Burst Announcement - Checkpoints 5.8 ===\nThe very last thing that we want to announce tonight is something special that we've been working on throughout the year and what we want to ultimately invite you all to. At the end of the semester, we love the theaters. We want to invite you all to first\n\n=== The Sign Is Complete - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nSo I adopted the tire process to make the sign how it all came together. So I'm really proud of this. And this actually has got came up by Hackett A\n\n=== Isometric Dot Grid Notebook - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nSo I don't actually have like a thing to show, but this is a notebook that I did. It's custom-order notebook that arrived within the past week. I spent maybe about 10 to 12 hours designing it and all the artwork and whatnot and inside is a custom isometric dot grid with a very specific skew and coloring and whatnot that I spent a lot of time just figuring it all out and it finally arrived\n\n=== Factorio Speedrun - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nSo the other thing that me and this wonderful group of people here have been working on, this is just a classical lot of work. We are Steve running in fact for you. Vanilla 2.0, this is our current work in progress phase\n\n=== Sonic the Hedgehog Costume - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nHello. Hello. Hello\n\n=== Burst Website - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nFollowing up to last week's announcement about first our show at the end of this semester, we have to decide really quickly before we wrap up the announcement to this board. So we speed around this in 30 minutes and this is the current site for first. It has information regarding where it is and it also has a really funky little yeah and that is all.\n\n=== Enabling Apple Intelligence on Older iPhones - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nSo last time I showed off how to get anime Island on I.12 this time I got something better. So the Apple did patch the exploit that I was using but they didn't patch it well. So you can still edit the more it's on patch\n\n=== Lots of Math Plotted on a Graph - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nSo I have a question. It's about a fictional world and I do a cast. So I can go ahead and remind the two\n\n=== GPT4You Works - Checkpoints 5.9 ===\nI want to see the cycle ratio. Very funny. But I do have this\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.10 ===\nCheckpoint. I don't have a lot to share, but I would like to share that at home front of passport making ceremony today. So we made seven more passports\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.11 ===\nWe're working on writing a grammar for the cheer for programming. So it's going to, the language is going to look like this. And right now I have a grammar design for Joseph this part\n\n=== Ice cream! Checkpoints 5.12 ===\nI mean ice cream. So far I've only made vanilla ice cream. This is the recipe that was used\n\n=== IMG 7866 ===\nHello! Hi, I'm Lewis and I made AI code.fail. I've presented this a couple weeks ago. Basically, I revamped it and it's looking great\n\n=== IMG 7867 ===\nSo I don't think I actually sure this is at a check point because I built this at the beginning of last week and then I wasn't at Hac Day last week so I didn't get a chance to actually like show the finished version of this. So I built a website for Burst and I'm very proud of it. I think it's really cool\n\n=== IMG 7861 ===\nI don't know why it was brought to show this off, but then it's cool. It is a off-eat-track motion capture system paired with a Quest III so that you can fight your friend in a mocap suit with a lightsaber. And the other friend has one person in the mocap suit, one person with the headset on\n\n=== IMG 7862 ===\nSo as many of you have probably seen the back corner, there's an industrial robot arm at Hack Night tonight This is my robot arm. I got it off eBay from a used industrial surplus in Florida Right now we've just been working on cleaning it Right now we're working on our I'm working on cleaning it jacks and the Michael and Julian to Soon the robot will be ready to run. I'm waiting on some parts for it computer Last night I did the first power on test Julian if you'd like to show the video play wit...\n\n=== IMG 7863 ===\nOkay, I've been working on the interpreter for the Rubik's Cube computer. So this is a test case. So what this is doing is parsing a definition of a puzzle\n\n=== IMG 7864 ===\nSo some people wanted an update on Apple Intelligence. I managed to fix this boot on someone, but this is their work on an iPhone 12's in New World. Basically, some of the phone sheets for late to the iPad chips were the bought iPhone 12's\n\n=== IMG 7865 ===\nHello, I'm Boris. I'm an ice cream. So far I've only made vanilla ice cream\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.13 ===\nCan someone record these for me? In Michael! This is my wallet. Did you record it for me? For how long? Checkpoints? For how long? Checkpoints. Shit\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.14 ===\nI'm recording. Thank you. I do\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.15 ===\nThank you. Thank you. Thank you\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.16 ===\nWe're going to play a bad game. We're going to play a bad game. We're going to play a bad game\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.17 ===\nThank you. I want you to just want us back. I can read you a quick two\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.18 ===\nSo yeah, I'm publishing a research paper. Hopefully only submitted in three weeks by cooking figures. So I made this and happening and this and happening\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.19 ===\nWake! Can someone hold a phone? Sumaho? Can someone hold a smartphone? I'm involved in two checkpoints. Who wants a hold a smartphone? Michael? No, you're not. Matthew, do you have your website? No\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.20 ===\nI love their You want to come, right? Yeah. Oh, not here. Now, you don't have a website this week\n\n=== Checkpoints at Hack Lite 2025 ===\nI'm trying to make this like operating system theme. So we have like all these windows. They have my project, you know, from around my RE-ME\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.21 ===\nGood morning. \u041f\u0440\u0438\u0432\u0435\u0442 to you. So, things were hard to get done working on writing a new unit here for the scale to be 40 because the current one is very broken\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.22 ===\nOh, we were good ones. Yeah, there. So, great\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.24 ===\nI need to get the thumbnail. I'll just upload it. It doesn't look like I'm uploading it\n\n=== Checkpoints 5.25 ===\nSeven games and a lot of five bruh weekend that was very graphic to put together. And so we had a lot of time, I think about one game, where we made their own really fun. But we have four winners not to end that we're going to announce tonight", "keyPoints": ["I'm going to be showing off a project that I'm working on for about the past week", "So my goal is to like turn this into a badge", "The reason I created this is because I wanted to have a homeless system sensor panel so that I can actually correct the bus business that I'm going to their, rather horrible website and app because it's really slow to load", "The head goal is to eventually run my website on this", "Do you guys want to know how these are going for you? A way to execute any code you want using our language model? That's a cool online learner now", "So you can test your code before a large language model is accessed to it", "So, I am hosting the spoken language circle", "And I just wanted to share some of the stuff that we developed tonight for the Constructible Language that we even are going on", "Basically, I have wanted to make it so that the language changes a bunch depending on information only you and someone else knows", "Unfortunately, Jerry has passed this bad part of language", "But some languages have things like you change your words depending on how close you are to someone or your age, things like that", "We also, what is actually all saying here is taking the first, maybe, syllable someone's name or first couple letters and then incorporating that into something such as the pronouns in the language or like other grammatical features", "Featuring a pipe with an age-old technology, a hole in it, we have invented a water bottle that doesn't spill when you turn it upside down", "And of course, really a project", "So, something I've been working on pretty much not stopped my entire life is how to get ad-logging working on my jailed iPhone with latest iOS and video updates and it took me a while but I think I have a solution I'm pretty happy with and it's pretty complicated but I run my own custom DNS over a GPS server I will show all this happening right now on my iPhone but I don't have a way to show it on screen so I run my own custom DNS server on my server and that's proxy through my bank address and my work but then all the DNS requests of my phone makes are filtered which means that any request to ask a full-up on or anything are blocked or returned with a blank and that makes all the ads of my phone just come up here and the only other difference is YouTube where YouTube doesn't actually work like that YouTube serves ads from YouTube.com so I can block YouTube.com so instead of what I did, what I said was something called YouTube Rehite on my phone, it sort of looks like and it brings back the old YouTube layout and also a spirit of a lot of people", "So for those of you who already have an account, you want a nice, no improved receipt", "Or if you have not created an account, you want a nice new rack server and want an account for free compute resources", "Now, just as nice router that you can make the receipt, this is the small router library that it aims to add Python context management to everything", "That's been there since it was created, which is that if you've ever made your database registered for a passports ceremony and then updated it before your passport was activated, like to change some data before the ceremony happened", "Okay, so my project of the week has been printing the trinidad of bond belt on the news and taking way too long", "Getting WebRTC implemented", "I learned the Druid UI framework", "How did you go about this? Like, what was your process for making this a big, big, big area? Uh, I guess you just started with the CQ and then slowly implemented like more and more of the IO registers and IO registers are a very good way to figure out what the hardware is", "And ultimately, I think our goal is to have a sort of system where the user can like upload every song they want or any like empty and furry file", "Also, the details on it, but I basically wrote the code and I learned C++ and like C++ graphics like OpenGL, GLFW, all that, and if I go to ESCO, the type of thing is there, oh, there we go", "It's more of a problem", "So about two weeks ago, I debuted CityBuzz, which is a Python library wrapper around the AQI that the CityBuzz of all play at", "It gives us, right? And I wanted to make this a go Python library because the official app and website of CityBuzz really, you know, it's super terrible, right? And my next step after making this library was to somehow get CityBuzz integrated into a whole system", "And you can see that, you know, there's some sensors going on so that we translate the results that we get from the CityBuzz API and make it into a format that's, that almost is simple", "That doesn't have a pretty simple loop and I get people add outputs, right? The next challenge I'm facing now is having a large language model under sent and run", "So it is a gigantic and I'm excited to see how my Chinese native language code is", "Yay! Hey everyone! I have been working on a project and it is not finished", "We're doing a story of art galleries, but the twist is technical projects that have come out of Purdue Hackers", "If you have any projects that you want to show off, go free to pitch up to us", "So this question was, is it only our projects? It's projects that have come out of Purdue Hackers", "And there's a lot of interesting ways that we're going to have to go about presenting projects", "The goals will be done by like 4 a.m", "Are they talking at the time? So my brother is not at all a computer project, which is why I'm not plugged in the H.C", "I learned a lot during this", "So it's going to, the language is going to look like this", "Yeah, there's no problem", "Why? I have it for a few projects", "So, like, if you generate code with AI, it's like, as it can lose weight and like, have all these problems", "It will basically, like, really quickly give you a result, which can be helpful if you have a super long script that you need to check", "So I don't think I actually sure this is at a check point because I built this at the beginning of last week and then I wasn't at Hac Day last week so I didn't get a chance to actually like show the finished version of this", "So I built a website for Burst and I'm very proud of it", "And then you can see a preview of all of the featured projects", "They have my project, you know, from around my RE-ME", "Well, when I was animating this, how did I get those e-frames? So I created an animator using 3JS", "It basically built Karnavya, the unit office"], "videoCount": 64, "videoTitles": ["Chocolate Pie - Checkpoints 5.6", "Komori Discord Shortcuts App - Checkpoints 5.6", "3D Scan of Heavilon Hall Demolition - Checkpoints 5.6", "Unique Never-Ending Pattern - Checkpoints 5.6", "Fixing Add to Calendar on Events Site and Open Source CityBus - Checkpoints 5.6", "First Raspberry Pi - Checkpoints 5.6", "The Vulcan Server Is Up - Checkpoints 5.6", "Build Your Own ChatGPT - Checkpoints 5.6", "Creating a Language - Checkpoints 5.6", "Blog Post about Badges - Checkpoints 5.6", "Unspillable Water Bottle - Checkpoints 5.6", "Dotted Notebook - Checkpoints 5.6", "Komori on the App Store and the Sign Finished - Checkpoints 5.7", "Adblocking on an iPhone - Checkpoints 5.7", "Building a Rubik's Cube Computer - Checkpoints 5.7", "Unique Way to Count Binary on Hands - Checkpoints 5.7", "Update on Vulcan - Checkpoints 5.7", "Making Buckeyes - Checkpoints 5.7", "Passport-Making Ceremony and Fixing Sign-In With Passport - Checkpoints 5.7", "Almost Done the Phone Doorbell - Checkpoints 5.7", "DS Emulator from Scratch - Checkpoints 5.7", "Custom Personal Finance Tracker - Checkpoints 5.7", "Music Interactivity Video Game - Checkpoints 5.7", "Scream to Make Your Computer Faster - Checkpoints 5.8", "Adding a Point Sphere to a Website - Checkpoints 5.8", "Coding a Pattern that Never Repeats for Hack Night Badge - Checkpoints 5.8", "Integrating CityBus Into Home Assistant - Checkpoints 5.8", "Keybindings for Jupyter Notebook in Nix - Checkpoints 5.8", "Designing Landing Page for AI Code Reviewer - Checkpoints 5.8", "Running Code on Browser for AI Assistant - Checkpoints 5.8", "Long Video About Everything Finally Finished - Checkpoints 5.8", "Amogus Shows Working Doorbell - Checkpoints 5.8", "Burst Announcement - Checkpoints 5.8", "The Sign Is Complete - Checkpoints 5.9", "Isometric Dot Grid Notebook - Checkpoints 5.9", "Factorio Speedrun - Checkpoints 5.9", "Sonic the Hedgehog Costume - Checkpoints 5.9", "Burst Website - Checkpoints 5.9", "Enabling Apple Intelligence on Older iPhones - Checkpoints 5.9", "Lots of Math Plotted on a Graph - Checkpoints 5.9", "GPT4You Works - Checkpoints 5.9", "Checkpoints 5.10", "Checkpoints 5.11", "Ice cream! Checkpoints 5.12", "IMG 7866", "IMG 7867", "IMG 7861", "IMG 7862", "IMG 7863", "IMG 7864", "IMG 7865", "Checkpoints 5.13", "Checkpoints 5.14", "Checkpoints 5.15", "Checkpoints 5.16", "Checkpoints 5.17", "Checkpoints 5.18", "Checkpoints 5.19", "Checkpoints 5.20", "Checkpoints at Hack Lite 2025", "Checkpoints 5.21", "Checkpoints 5.22", "Checkpoints 5.24", "Checkpoints 5.25"]}
